[Microsoft Becomes The Most Valuable Company In The World,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-16 14:55:27]
[Microsoft hires former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-20 08:11:03]
[IRS says Microsoft owes an additional $29 billion in back taxes,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-11 20:35:06]
[I believe Microsoft (MSFT) is prepping Lumen (LUMN) for an acquisition.,;,; Hello Readers,   MobyDick4Real here, and I am going to dissect why I believe Microsoft is prepping Lumen Technologies for a acquisition.  To begin, I was a former employee of Lumen Technologies for just under 5 years. I was part of the Federal team, and it was my responsibility to price-to-win RFP's in the communications and technology sector. During my tenure, I was part of the team that secured the IPTS win which is a $1.5B sole contract awarded to Lumen.  During this time, I watched the stock sink from about $15 to less than a dollar, and currently own 4% of the call options expiring January 1st 2026. This may sound like a lot, but its $1,000 worth of $5 strike options.   Lumens stock has been in steady decline since Jeff Storey took the helm about 5 years ago, but was anchored around $7 due to the ridiculous dividend they were paying ($0.25 a quarter). After his retirement there was internal chatter of whether Laurinda Pang, or Ed Morche was going to replace Jeff during his departure. However, to the companies surprise an outsider was awarded the position and took leadership.   Kate Johnson is a tenured executive that was previously a Vice President at Microsoft. Her bread and butter was subscription based modeling at Microsoft, and headed major projects. After winning the CEO position at Lumen; Kate slowly fired off all the executives of Lumen besides two people: Andrew Dugan, and Chris Stansbury and proceeded to fill the positions with Microsoft alumni and other colleagues from her days at Warton.   First thing Kate did was remove the dividend, and sold off Lumens LATAM and EMEA offerings; sizably reducing Lumens debt, and bolstering free cash flow. Bears say that Lumens primary sales are coming from landline phones and other legacy services, and I believe this to be a fallacy.    Lumen can be easily broken into two major teams that derive most of the large wins. The Hyperscalers team (Enterprise) and the DoD team (Fed). For the sake of this conversation I am going to focus on the Federal team. Lumen was created after a merger between Level3 and CenturyLink. Where CenturyLink focused on enterprise sales, and Level3 ran the majority of the DoD network.   Microsoft has recently bolstered their view on supporting government contracts, and has done so by crafting Zero Trust infrastructure into their cloud offerings, and getting Teams on just about every government computer there is.   My hypothesis is Microsoft wants to further their hold in the defense sectors and plans to do so by acquiring Lumen. Lumen is a consortium member of every large undersea cable and provides most of the layer 1 transport to the government. Having Microsoft purchase Lumen immediately puts them in a position to win massive multi-billion dollar contracts, and overlay their technology as a value add. This then provides the government with an easy button to not only purchase their data infrastructure but to have all the bells and whistles Microsoft provides included seamlessly. If there is one thing I learned working Fed, is that the government loves an easy button.   Lumens goal for both enterprise and fed is to create a subscription based model referred to as network as a service (NaaS) and this allows their hyperscalers and larger accounts to add and reduce bandwidth across their business within a few clicks. Insert the Queen of subscription based modeling.   As quantum computing and quantum fiber become more prevalent Lumen is perfectly positioned to have massive growth seizing the workload for all autonomous vehicles, AI, 5G, quantum computing, and any large data transfers across the US.   Regarding the sell-offs of LATAM and EMEA, the deals were structured that the companies that purchased them (Colt Telecom, and Cirion Telecom) would still supply the company with all required needs on the fiber that was sold. This allows Lumen to be a global business without having to manage their global fiber footprint.   Lumen is capable of pivoting and creating dense datasets due to the fact they have direct access to 70% of all global internet traffic, and have vision into another 10% through peering agreements. This gives them access to 80% of all global internet traffic. This would dramatically increase Microsofts AI offerings, and could make all their selling efforts more affective.   By Microsoft purchasing Lumen, their security, AI, government, enterprise, and all data transfer offerings would be dramatically improved based off the information they could feed into it.  Lumen stock is currently sitting around $1.40, and makes about $15-$20B a year with a gross profit of about $7B in 2023. The business has been in decline profit wise for about 5 years, but this is due to major sell-offs and securing future business.   For the reasons of Microsoft executives taking the helm, cutting off the deadweight sectors, rumors of the merger in the industry, and the overlap between the two companies. I believe Microsoft is likely to purchase Lumen for pennies on the dollar in the upcoming years.   But who knows, maybe I'm just regarded.  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-12-11 05:16:48]
[Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to receive $1 billion a year - doing nothing.,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-24 23:05:08]
[Britain blocks Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard,;,; ,;,; 2023-04-26 11:19:47]
[Microsoft AI,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-07 17:50:34]
[How Microsoft Makes Money [OC],;,; Bull or bear on Microsoft?  Microsoft shares reported earnings per share of $2.99 and a revenue of $56.5B, surpassing estimates of $2.65 and $54.5B respectively.   The company's Intelligent Cloud segment experienced a 19% growth, producing $24.3B in revenue, and Azure's revenue alone jumped 29% during the quarter.   Additionally, Microsoft's recent $68.7B acquisition of Activision Blizzard will play a role in next quarter's earnings.  The company is heavily investing in AI, with CEO Satya Nadella emphasizing its integration across the company’s tech stack.   This commitment to AI has led to the launch of generative AI-powered Copilot apps for various Microsoft products, designed to boost productivity.  Microsoft previously indicated that AI would not yield significant results until after the start of 2024.   However, Azure's growth is already being influenced by generative AI, helping to outpace expectations.   Overall, the company anticipates a sales increase of up to 8.7% in the upcoming quarter, surpassing analyst forecasts.  Sources:         2023-10-31 18:03:25]
[Bill Gates Would Be a Trillionaire if He Diamond Handed Microsoft | NextBigFuture.com,;,; At current MSFT market cap he would have been worth $1.26 trillion,;,; 2023-11-21 00:13:11]
[Microsoft Needs So Much Power to Train AI That It's Considering Small Nuclear Reactors,;,; Invest in small nuclear reactor manufacturers,;,; 2023-10-04 15:31:18]
[How a slick accounting maneuver led to a $29 billion tax bill for Microsoft,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-16 04:53:01]
[Will Microsoft be hit with an SEC inquiry?,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-23 05:23:33]
[Microsoft monster Revenue and EPS beat, f**k you I was right, this shit is systemic,;,; $MSFT earnings dropped:   Revenue:   $52.9B vs $51.02B expected  EPS:           2.45 vs 2.22 expected   Up 9% after hours so far  You guys, on this sub, told me I was regarded for doubling down all the time in the past year. Supposedly MSFT would have a decreasing revenue this year because “We iN a ResHEssIOn XbOX aNd clOUd IsnT gOnnA mAkE a beAt tHE stock itS WaaaaaYy OveRvalyUD”  So I repeat once and for all you regards, Nadella is always gonna win, recession? Priced in. War? Priced in. Meteorite on their HQ? F**king. Priced. In.  This shit is systemic by now. Microsoft is an ETF with only the most profitable businesses. Even the Activision deal is being revived ffs. All hail our new all-industry AI overlords.  Position: 42 shares, up 17%, but I’m keeping them to be left alone by ChatGPT when it takes over the world,;,; 2023-04-25 20:56:48]
[Microsoft and Amazon earning expectations?,;,; What are the expectations for the earnings of Microsoft and Amazon?,;,; 2023-10-23 16:53:15]
[Microsoft sets price for premium version of Copilot AI software for consumers at $20 per user,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-15 23:58:32]
[SEC Investigation Looms For OpenAI CEO Sam Altman And Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella - Halt.org,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-27 05:02:27]
[FTC to file lawsuit blocking Microsoft's $70 billion Activision Blizzard deal,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-12 18:25:14]
[Microsoft stock hits all-time high after hiring former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman,;,; Microsoft's stock reached an all-time high after the company announced the hiring of Sam Altman, the former CEO of OpenAI, to lead its artificial intelligence (AI) innovation leg. The stock rose 2.1% to close at $377.44, surpassing the previous record of $376.17. This surge followed Altman's ousting from OpenAI, which is the biggest stakeholder in the company with a $13 billion investment. Greg Brockman, who co-founded OpenAI and left after Altman's firing, is also joining Microsoft. Analysts view this move positively, with some stating that it strengthens Microsoft's position in AI. The hiring of Altman and Brockman is seen as a significant win for Microsoft, reinforcing its standing in the AI industry.   2023-11-21 00:35:30]
[11k gain from Microsoft earnings,;,; 3k to 14k, held a bit too long cus greed, learned my lesson to sell at open. Bought cus of earnings and low as fuck expected for eps and revenue(lower than their last report). Was an easy beat, thx to all the bears who chipped in puts for this gain you absolute regards.,;,; 2023-04-26 13:38:35]
[Microsoft still undervalued?,;,; This kinda shit right here is why I consider all investment news to be satire.,;,; 2023-11-23 16:52:32]
[Microsoft going any higher?,;,; Microsoft is currently at its all time high ($370) and still climbing a bit. I’m relatively new to investing but I feel like I should be selling. Wanted to know other thoughts/opinions on what to do in this situation.  Thanks,;,; 2023-11-15 15:38:30]
[Judge rules Microsoft's acquisition of Activision can go forward,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-11 15:46:12]
[Microsoft stock hits all-time high after hiring OpenAI’s fired CEO Sam Altman,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-20 21:27:02]
[Briefing: Microsoft Reportedly Tried to Sell Bing to Apple in 2020,;,; Option 1: Apple receives $20B a year from Google  Option 2: Apple gives up the Google revenue, pays for Bing, and deals with constant complaints from user about how bad Bing is  I need someone to make a Drake meme out of these two.,;,; 2023-09-29 02:24:56]
[FTC sues to stop Microsoft’s $70 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-13 00:22:05]
[Nancy Pelosi's husband just snapped up $2.6 million of Apple and Microsoft stock, closing out an options bet that the shares would soar,;,; Nancy Pelosi's husband exercised roughly $2.6 million worth of Apple and Microsoft stock options this month.  Paul Pelosi bought 5,000 shares of both Apple and Microsoft stocks on June 15, exercising 50 call options.  Nancy Pelosi has repeatedly said her husband's investments have nothing to do with her political knowledge.,;,; 2023-06-27 03:04:15]
[Microsoft P/E multiple is 38x and almost reached record highs of late 2021. What is next?,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-30 16:44:48]
[STOP Shorting Microsoft,;,; First off you shouldn’t be. So stop being a cumt.   Second off it should be pumping because of all the news it generates every second about a new product (chips to compete with Nvidia) or partnership (literally everyone) or AI advancement (GPT, Copilot).   Queue Music: “I like to pump it pump it, I like to PUMP IT”. ,;,; 2023-11-16 03:16:12]
[Microsoft finally buys Activision for $69 billion after regulatory approval. Share price up 30% YoY,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-13 22:24:28]
[Part 2 - I believe Microsoft (MSFT) is prepping Lumen (LUMN) for an acquisition.,;,; Welcome back my fellow regards and degenerates. Hope everyone had a great holiday season and is getting situated in the new year.  Regarding Lumen it has been quite the rollercoaster since we last spoke. My calls and shares almost doubled when the stock neared $2, but have been humbled on the decent back to $1.30. Since then I have had a chance to dive more into their stock news, have discussions with businesses across the industry, and have stumbled on news that impacts just about every tech business on earth regarding bottlenecks to growth. This is going to be a long discussion as always.  In short, I believe Lumen is decreasing their debt and parting out legacy chunks of their business for a behemoth like Microsoft to come in and gobble them up. Why? Because their infrastructure, physical assets, and network can be transitioned into whatever Microsoft needs and writing a $10-$20B check is nothing to a tech giant like them. Every physical Lumen location could be easily transitioned into a point of presence (POP) or an edge facility for any of the numerous SaaS or physical products that Microsofts sells. Lumen (the Level3 side) also owns numerous contract vehicles within the government space, giving Microsoft unique access to Fed contracts they didn't have before.  &amp;#x200B;  This is a pit stop for the tl;dr boys, see you on the other side.  &amp;#x200B;  To get this started I am going to discuss some brief Lumen news, rumors and topics the industry believes, and wrap it up into how I think Lumen is uniquely positioned for the industry strangulation that is about to occur. I will discuss the bottlenecks and provide speculation on how the obstacles will be handled.  First things first Lumen rebranded, again... They're orange now; why? I am not sure but they are. Next Lumen has effectively fired \~15,000 employees without anyone blowing a whistle on such a decline over the past few years. Very impressive Kate, but too bad it didn't work the same with UPS; womp womp.  Lumen recently restructured their debt TSA' allowing them access to $1.325B long term debt, and delaying the strain of $12.5B of their current debt. Freeing up this strangle will allow the business to maneuver much easier without banks putting a damper on everything, but they're not out of the woods yet.  Lumen is going all in on NaaS and Quantum Fiber. They received certifications at the CES 2024 show in Vegas for two WiFi-7 devices (golf clap). This may seem dumb, but this is actually huge for the future growth of WiFi, and they've recently hired Satish Lakshmanan who is a AI wizard and the new Chief Product executive. Satish is likely going to innovate the product suite with AI buzzwords and fire off more redundant staff along the way.  This doesn't look like a company that is consolidating its losses, and preparing to die. The noose around their neck has been loosened by the banks, they're reducing their operating costs, and they're innovating their offerings for future demand; which will be important in our last segment.  Before we get there, lets talk about the rumors on the street.  The bulk of the industry doesn't thinks Lumen can turn this around, and I agree with them to a certain degree. That is why I see a acquisition in the future, this is common in the telecom industry, and has happened numerous times. I don't see why a good thing like acquisitions would suddenly stop, especially since banks are waking up and are starting to spend the cash they've been hoarding during the recent economic down turn. The difference is I see Lumen adapting to their current situation whereas giants like Verizon and AT&amp;T are focusing on the same old.  &amp;#x200B;  Lumen does have something a lot of companies want though, and that is physical fiber and this brings me to my last segment. The bottlenecks that will soon plague the tech space, and will require a huge lift to fix. These bottlenecks cover the entire industry vertical and absolutely will impact your life. How fast is happens is up for debate but I could see it happening as fast as 5 years, but will be a common discussion within 10-20 years.  The bottlenecks are:  1. Regulatory 2. Interconnectivity (Fiber, Copper, Radio, etc.) 3. Datacenters (Power Consumption) 4. Energy Companies (Energy Generation)  I am going to start from the ground up, so energy generation. There is no amount of renewable energy that can sustain human tech in the near future. The only way to generate enough will be nuclear energy. There is no ifs, ands, or buts; nuclear power will be utilized to meet industry needs, and I have already heard numerous telecom, datacenter, and investor executives starting to talk about it.  To put into perspective a current rack at a datacenter is usually outfitted with maybe 5 kW of energy, and upwards of 10-12 kW per rack on a good day (a really good day). A fully functioning AI setup with all the bells and whistles will require closer to 60 kW of energy per rack. A more modest AI rack will pull 30 to 40 kW if they aren't using all the latest and greatest equipment.   Datacenters are going to have to overhaul all their equipment, and allow more power to get into their racks, this is going to take time and depending on the Datacenter company it will mean make or break for some of them. Personally I think Digital Realty is doing a great job of getting ahead of this, if you are curious about a DC I recommend. However, some hubs like Singapore are getting maxed out due to strict regulation. Physical assets can only expand so far.  This brings us to that pesky interconnectivity we were discussing and this is something the industry is very split on at the moment. Currently there is a lot of interconnectivity between various locations across the globe, and Lumen owns a good chunk of it. Most of the major cities have a hub of sorts, and if you're familiar with the industry you're thinking about Singapore, Tokyo, Northern Virginia, Los Angeles, London, and a handful more of places.   The issue is these connections are starting to get maxed out. There is a terminology called bursting where they are able to fit more information on a fiber asset than it can handle. In short, we're putting 10 lbs of potatoes in a 5 lb bag. The issue is there is no incentives for building more fiber. Previously the government incentivized fiber buildouts and a lot of the companies were able to do these massive build outs for free. This is not the case anymore, and the cost and time delay for these buildouts are large if you're building undersea cables and traversing the globe. If by some chance you do pull a profit, you are making fractions of pennies per dollar spent, and you're waiting 5+ years to get these cables up and running. Very few companies are building fiber assets today, AT&amp;T I think is the only one I've heard of recently, but its all local city fiber. Eventually the interconnectivity assets will be more valuable since demand will be high and supply will be low, and this will require regulatory restrictions across the whole vertical to be relaxed.   If not, companies will seize these connections from public use, and control the traffic that is allowed on them.   Essentially laws and regulations are going to have to be eased up to progress forward. In the Philippines they have "gray outs" where the government will shut off the internet momentarily to ease up on traffic congestion. This is not a unique occurrence around the world, but if it ever happens to America; there would be full blown riots.   I think the traffic congestion will cause political pressure, and the lawmakers will have to alleviate nuclear regulations to provide enough energy for the world. The increase in energy we discussed is just in AI equipment at DC', it doesn't account for the electric car grid, crypto, or any of the other massive energy sucks our community has. Nuclear is the only clear action forward, once those restrictions are removed our DC' will be able to provide ample energy, and this will spur new growth across the globe.   Companies like Lumen are positioned to make a killing when interconnectivity is once again a profitable business. I still believe a merger is likely in the next few years, and to say it bluntly; I like the stock.   As always do your own research and make your own decisions on the matter, but due to the changes the company is making, and the industry constraints of the near future. I believe this stock is uniquely positioned to blow tf up due to an acquisition. Of all the large companies able to gobble Lumen up, I think Microsoft would have the most to gain from it's offerings.     But who knows, maybe I'm just regarded.  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2024-01-31 03:34:51]
[Microsoft Q2 earnings beat; AI tops, cloud matches expectations,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-30 21:27:16]
[How are the current rumors of Microsoft abandoning Xbox going to affect their shares?,;,; Pretty much all the rumors point to MS going all platforms with their games, will their shares drop or go even higher?,;,; 2024-02-06 02:36:35]
[THANK YOU NVIDIA AND MICROSOFT!!!,;,; Rode the NVIDIA rally and sold at $550/share. Then decided to ride the Microsoft rally with a 6/21 380c and sold a weekly right before earnings. Holding my call Microsoft reaches $4 trillion 🚀🤑,;,; 2024-01-31 18:31:42]
[Microsoft executive email accounts were accessed by Russian hackers from last November to early January,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-20 06:51:52]
[Microsoft's upgraded search engine,;,; Or should I say- turbo charged. With the addition of chatgpt into their search tech,  Msoft is trying to  ' make Google dance '  But I just can't shake off how bad the name is.  Bing.   Does anyone else hate this name?   What if they added an e after Bing,so it'll be Binge. Sounds better and the meaning can fit the function.   And if they want to get creative, they can make the e look like internet explorer icon or edge.   Anyways...   Msoft Leaps for 300 Jan 2024,;,; 2023-02-19 23:03:38]
[Microsoft / OpenAI Sora,;,; Firstly, not sure if this 100% belongs here, so feel free to remove mods, but I think it does belong as it relates to Microsoft and OpenAI (their investment)  OpenAI have recently released Sora - text to video:  [Sora (openai.com)]( . Put simply, I follow AI art closely and have attempted AI videos, but Sora simply leaves me speechless. It is like 100x better than the previous AI video generators. Microsoft have really bagged themselves an incredible investment with OpenAI and it puts them miles ahead in the AI game.  I honestly cannot see any downside to Microsoft or why someone would buy puts.,;,; 2024-02-15 23:36:21]
[I gave you the Microsoft dip, then the Meta skyrocket, my next play is Intel earnings tomorrow 😈,;,; I bought Microsoft calls yesterday, single handedly causing a massive dip.   I then posted about buying puts on Meta today, while encouraging everyone else to spend their life savings on calls and sure enough, it skyrocketed 🚀  I now present to you… Intel.   the stock is slightly overvalued at current levels. Because of the super slow PC market and more competition competeing with Intel’s data center business, Intel is now betting heavily on producing chips for other semiconductor companies. Not sure if this capital-intensive bet will pay off, especially considering Intel’s recent struggles with updating its chips to the latest process nodes. Intel stock is really only worth about $31 per share, 10% less than it is now. I doubt they’ll have any substantial AI revenue guidance tomorrow either. I think they will beat earnings expectations tomorrow, but I will be buying puts before market close.   PLEASE, if you want to make some quick money, load up on all the calls you can get, because my inverse portfolio is literally a 100% success rate. YOUR CALLS WILL 100% PRINT I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH. Good luck tomorrow!,;,; 2023-07-27 02:13:15]
[Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller loaded up a combined $430 million into Nvidia and Microsoft stocks in big, bold AI bets,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-16 13:17:47]
[UK approves Microsoft-Activision deal,;,; Some exchanges’ve halted ATVI atm.   2023-10-13 06:20:34]
[Tech layoffs balloon in January as Wall Street rally lifts Alphabet, Meta, Microsoft to records,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-27 00:45:47]
[Combined, Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, Nvidia, and Meta make up over 25% of S&amp;P 500, totaling $10 trillion in value,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-29 16:55:23]
[Microsoft P/E ratio is 38x, not far from pandemic all-time highs. Unsustainable with current interest rates.,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-16 23:33:40]
[Microsoft Open AI Stake,;,; $MSFT only a fraction of Microsoft’s $10 billion investment in OpenAI has been wired to the startup, while a significant portion of the funding, divided into tranches, is in the form of cloud compute purchases instead of cash.   Zero risk to Microsoft people love to fear monger,;,; 2023-11-19 01:18:52]
[Microsoft and Meta buy AMD,;,;   Billionaire companies said NVIDIA is too rich for their blood decide to buy AMD  Ah in my autism and poor reading comprehension I made a title that makes it sound like they're going to purchase and fight over custody rights for AMD.  I meant they're going to make bigger purchases from AMD because NVIDIA is too expensive. ,;,; 2023-12-07 15:35:51]
[This is going very badly for Microsoft as the fallout continues and is "AGI" to blame here? Ilya Sutskever should resign from the board.,;,; Update: Final UPDATE: Sam Altman has returned as CEO to OpenAI. Now what's the fall out ;)  Update: Clear AGI Definition Dilution by a possible OpenAI member Ilya?: [  Update: Talks done for today. Nothing official. On to tomorrow. Good night!  Update: Jimmy Apples X/Tweets: [It is done]( Not looking good folks.  Update: A mass resignation may be in progress: [Logan K]( deletes OpenAI reference.  Update: Sam Altman X/Tweets: "i love the openai team so much"  Update: Why is Tracy so involved with Effective Altruism? [Sam Bankman-Fried ties?]( She needs to go too. [Helen Toner: Leads AI/ML efforts for the US and China.](  Helen lived in Beijing, studying the Chinese AI ecosystem as a Research Affiliate of Oxford University’s Center for the Governance of AI. Excuse me? This board is made up of a lot of ideolog's.  Update: [The entire board is being asked to resign](  and [The Information]( and [CNN Business]( and [Coin Telegraph]( and [TechCrunch: OpenAI's board is no match for investors' wrath](  **The OpenAI board is waffling on resigning, and that might push Sam Altman to start a new company after all.**  Big update to our scoop from earlier: a key 5PM PT deadline for the OpenAI board to strike a deal to resign and Sam Altman to return has passed, and mass resignations at OpenAI may come soon, unless this thing gets done.  Update: WOW just wow. So my commentary of calling Ilya Sutskever a communist wasn't far off. Apparently, the more apt phrasing should be "Effective Altruism" which board member Tasha McCauley is a board member and [Sam Bankman-Fried is a known supporter.]( [ What is effective altruism? Well, to put it slightly it is what Karl Marx described as not going far enough for the greater human good. So, I don't know communism light maybe? The more official tag is "[Bourgeois Morality for the 21st Century]( or wokeness with a computer and a calculator or neoliberalism.  All jokes aside it is a hot button topic and probably not something the board should be members of while overseeing a $90 billion new technology company.  The question apparently is now, should the entire board be removed except for Sam and Greg?  Update: Board now asking Sam Altman to come back. Ilya's days could be numbered: [  **Original Post**: This story is made for an epic Apple TV+ drama. On one side you have the Y-Combinator entrepreneurs and innovator Sam Altman and on the other side is an enigmatic figure that believes strongly that AGI should be in the hands of humanity. Not corporations.  The quote from Winston Churchill comes to mind " If you're not a liberal at twenty you have no heart, if you're not a conservative at forty, you have no brain." Politics aside, this guy (Ilya) is in between having a heart and no brain.  First and foremost, there was no reason to fire Sam in the coup manner he did this past Friday afternoon. I've read it all, i've listened to it all. There was really no good reason.  Secondly, and probably most importantly is the notion that OpenAI runs as a non-profit is a bunch of bullshit. You have developers making millions in salary and stock options which whether it is in private equity or not you are literally saying that one day you're going to be publicly listed and boom everyone is going to get some massive payout. Should a company that is going to have a public payout be allowed to be considered a "non-profit." It just doesn't make any sense.  Next, the ideology of Ilya Sutskever is ultra concerning for me. This guy is really trying to pull off the greatest stunt known to mankind. And the board, all 3 of the other members beside Sam and Greg, should be RIPPED for this. Microsoft not being on the board should be RIPPED for this.  You have this weird, the "1st of its kind," corporate structure of a capped investment. All over the comments people are trying to excuse and explain that "this is what it means" and "everyone knew it" and "it's all public information." As a side note, I've never thought about the importance of the board except other than the firing of Steve Jobs from Apple (At least they had some good reason that wasn't about something stupid; they were pissed they weren't making profit.)  What they're trying to say with a capped investment is that until we make AGI or repay in profits or some bullshit agreement rider is that you have only so much to gain until we OpenAI take back full and unfettered control of the company. To hell with your original 49% investment at some point it will be all ours. And somehow, this ties into being a non-profit we're going to send all of our profit and money AFTER YOU KNOW we pay ourselves million of dollars per year in salaries and then give the rest to non-profit's such as the "black girls code fund."  Koombaya!!! Hippy Dippy! Sounds like bullshit right? It sounds that way because it is.  As an investor, a user and a person who works in AI and automation I had no earthly clue this timebomb was ticking. That the board members where on some fantasy island of bullshit.  So why was Microsoft so flat footed? Why can Microsoft be so out of the loop?  Well, I think what happened if you read everything correctly and actually listen to what Greg and Same and Ilya are saying you keep hearing over and over again about the "Safety of AI" and specifically the Safety of "AGI".  What's Artificial General Intelligence (AGI). I work in AI and I can't even tell you what I think it means anymore because it's been so bastardized.  Here's my opinion of what it is and why I think it is such a problem in this situation. Some people when they think about AI they think about a sentient thing. Something that can feel and can think and is "self-aware" all on it's own. **The AI god complex issue.** Man created it so who is the god now. All that nonsense. People think of Skynet/terminator, the Matrix, IRobot, Asimov. All of that science fiction stuff. Everyday people that aren't very knowledgeable of the situation may rightly think like this. What happens is that the sentient AI (which is nowhere near coming into existence) is being crept into the believe and understanding of the phrase Artificial General Intelligence (AGI).  Here's the problem and why Ilya should resign or atleast why i'll make a case for it. The problem is, AGI is not sentient AI. AGI for what it is or what it could be has moved the goal post. Everyone has moved this goal post. From Ilya to Sam Altman to Bill Gates to Elon everyone has moved the goal post for AGI. Pay attention because this is how to tie in an LLM into AGI.  Large Language Models. In one sentence. If you take enough text corpus examples and put it into enough compute running neural networks you get coherent responses. That's it folks. It raw brute force compute power. If said thing, is not trained on that said thing it will not show up in your LLM. PERIOD. It can't exist without huge and vast amounts of data and compute power.  So, forget about AGI being the matrix even though we (the AI leadership community) all want to sign an agreement promising that AI won't destroy humanity. I said it was stupid when they signed it and it's even more stupid now that it has come back to bite them in the ass. The new goal post moved AGI isn't sentient it's just more capable. Less hallucinations. I.e. maybe GPT 5. But the delta curve of that is not possibly known as it hasn't be released in masse. And even if it were "better" that's great but it's still not going to be able to do anything other than what it has been trained to do.  This is where instead of doomerisym of we won't annihilate the world perhaps Microsoft and tech community would be better served to define what AGI is. If there's a spectrum ok fine but explain that. Because AGI doesn't mean AI models can think and act on their own. They want that magic and mysticism in the public but really look where it just landed you. Time to rethink that stupid public talking point strategy; or they're just too naive to not understand this is how people may think when they hear the word AGI.  Just say that it is a better model, more reliable and has less hallucinations.  Furthermore, they (tech community) want AGI to be this multimodel thing. Still, it has nothing to do with true self-learning self-teaching thought creating AI. It just simply states that there are obvious features in the models and their applications such as memory, handling text, video and audio. Those things don't make it AGI. They simply make it better working AI. Until one day we have the AI that people are thinking of. This ain't it.  That's really the point. Microsoft knows that this just a brute force trained with a lot of data and compute power AI. You can do Dal-E you can do video's, PDF's audio. It's just more and more brute force(tons of data and compute) models. That's in my thinking, why Microsoft agreed to the deal this way. Perhaps they're like well we don't have or won't have AGI (probably not until quantum computing is a thing) so yea whatever you guys. Perhaps the goal post movement of what AGI is. Well, that's were the lawsuits are going to fly I think.  It's literally the wizard of Oz trick. The man behind the curtain is hugging face. lol.  And here's the part that makes Ilya's entire argument (AGI safety for humanity) nonsense. This guy needed all of that compute power he need all of that money and now he wants to pick up his toys and go home "for the greater good of humanity." OpenAI could not exist without private equity. They didn't go to Russia and get state funding. They didn't go to the US and get federal funding. They didn't go to China and get that funding. They went right to the US private equity funding mechanisms and specifically Microsoft.  And they put a little rider in the agreement that IF WE ACHIEVE AGI then YOU GET CAPPED. Well, dude you're not at AGI. Nowhere near it. It has been documented and said that current transformer technologies won't be able to create AGI as we are thinking of it. The proper way to think of it. A little bit of SELF-REASONING and Learning and SELF-CREATION. Nowhere fucking near that.  So to Sam and Microsoft why not commercialize this thing that we have now? Why is it crazy that Sam is trying to make money for the company? Why would the board go through the drastic action of firing the CEO for NO GOOD REASON? Not worried about safety. Well, the safety guy quit along with a bunch of other KEY figures. So that argument is out the window. You're own safety guy quit in solidarity of Sam Altman. Just fly's in the face of your stupid safety argument.  Why are we safe? Because these models can not do ANYTHING that they haven't been trained to do. They don't think, they're no sentient, they don't feel or are aware of their existence. AT ALL. And the crazy person who tells that there is something that does this is a KOOK and is probably bat shit crazy.  So, in my opinion this is about power and control and profit versus non-profit and the supposed relation to AGI (which doesn't fucking exist). It's like saying IF god comes back to earth I will change my ways. The man replies ok but i'm going to need you to change your ways now so that WHEN god comes back to earth you have done all the right things now so that you will be ready for him WHEN he comes. Problem is, some of us don't believe in god so...  You can believe (in god/AGI) if you want to but if you put that in an agreement that effectively states when "GOD/AGI SHOWS UP" and the people signing the agreement look at you funny and say OK i'll sign that. You can't change the goal post of the definition of god/AGI showing up to make it seem like OMG god/AGI is almost here.  In anyevent, Ilya should resign. He's too unstable to be leading this technology. He thinks he's more important than he is. In follow up, Microsoft needs to get a seat on that damned board. This is a progressing shit show and it would be a lot better if it weren't.  [ 2023-11-18 21:12:40]
[Activision &amp; Microsoft merger approved in EU,;,;  The European Commission has approved, under the EU Merger Regulation, the proposed acquisition of Activision Blizzard (‘Activision') by Microsoft. The approval is conditional on full compliance with the commitments offered by Microsoft. The commitments **fully address** the competition concerns identified by the Commission and **represent a significant improvement for cloud gaming as compared to the current situation**.   &amp;#x200B;  [ 2023-05-15 15:22:59]
[Microsoft - Europe services degraded,;,; My IT team just did a firm wide email (WITH THE RED EXCLAIMATION MARK) to say all Microsoft 365 services across Europe are degraded - came direct from Microsoft, so puts on Microsoft?  Anyone else experiencing this or should I put my tin foil hat away?  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-20 10:42:35]
[Last minute appeal to block $69 billion Microsoft-Activision deal is blocked,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-15 23:11:35]
[Nvidia, Microsoft, Google, and others partner with US government on AI research program,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-24 16:12:19]
[Microsoft may set a record at the close for highest market cap ever, but more importantly it needs to close exactly $1 higher than this,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-09 18:11:27]
[Microsoft Legally Commits to 10 Years of Call of Duty Games on Nintendo Consoles,;,; ,;,; 2023-02-21 12:41:31]
[Potential Trading Opportunity on Microsoft Activision Deal,;,; On June 22, the Federal Trade Commission and Microsoft began a 5-day discovery hearing discussing whether or not Microsoft's acquisition of mobile games developer Activision-Blizzard is anti-consumer.  Some relevant facts provides a clearer picture:  The deal is valued at 69 billion dollars enterprise value, with a buyout price of 95 dollars a share.  The deal is a classic example of a vertical acquisition from micro-economics.  Microsoft originally anticipated to close the deal on May 22 2023, until UK regulatory authorities moved to block the deal.  China and the European Union have already approved the business combination, despite the US and the UK opposed to the deal on Sony's behalf.  Sony's reason to oppose the deal is that such an acquisition would prevent the company from charging its 70 dollars per month PlayStation Plus subscription to Call of Duty Users. Sony however maintains that the real reason to oppose the deal is that Microsoft could block Call of Duty from being available on PlayStation 5.  The deadline to close the deal has been moved to July 18 2023.  During the 5-day discovery hearing, both sides produced highly confidential documents in court and made very convincing arguments for their views.  The most convincing piece of evidence was an internal email with Sony CEO indicating that the acquisition will be much bigger than just excluding the PlayStation platform from Call of Duty.  The email weakens Sony's claim that Microsoft will exclude Call of Duty from PlayStation, but strengthens the FTC's anti-trust argument that the acquisition will disrupt competition.  On Tuesday, the Department of Justice's antitrust department and the Federal Trade Commission jointly developed plans to streamline the review process for all mergers and acquisitions, giving the judge an incentive to grant them a preliminary junction on this case.  CNBC's Scott Wapner speculates that Judge Jacqueline Scott Corley won't make a ruling on the evidentiary hearing until after the July 4th holiday. However, Judge Corley's calendar clearly has events everyday after July 4th.  Judge Corley will likely make a decision on whether to grant the FTC a preliminary junction before Friday, and both Microsoft and Activision will make a decision on whether they are interested in closing the deal around the same time.  There is a real possibility that the deal may sink by the end of the week despite the fact that Microsoft has repeatedly assured people that Call of Duty will remain on PlayStation 5, creating an opportunity for people to short the stock before the 5-day proceedings conclude.  Judge Jacqueline Scott Corley's calendar  [  Further Case Notes related to the hearing  [ 2023-06-29 14:54:47]
[Nvidia can't produce AI chips fast enough; Microsoft invests in a specialized AI chip startup to take market share,;,; ,;,; 2023-09-08 14:50:19]
[Microsoft hits $3 trillion value, cementing strength of AI rally,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-24 20:51:11]
[Calls on MICROSOFT, in AI we trust,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-23 10:48:31]
[Whatever just happened at OpenAI Microsoft is backing it and that's all I needed to know,;,; Update 3 (what a busy weekend): Board asking Sam back.   Update: Microsoft "Furious" over the coup by the OpenAI board. Is  Ilya Sutskever a communist? Russian origins raise questions.   Update: I do not know if Microsoft fully backed this. They gave a statement suggesting they are still supportive of OpenAI. There is a news report from Axios  they were told by the board of OpenAI 1 minute before the coup took place. There are other viable reports that are suggesting there was great conflict over the profit and non-profit pursuit by OpenAI lead at the time by Sam Altman.   Sam got fired and abruptly at that.   This statement came from [Reuters]( and it helped put me at ease. Mari comes from Tesla I didn't know that and it also puts me at ease. Not gonna lie had me scared for a bit little now it's a buying opportunity. The one thing I'm 100% certain of is the c-suite aren't the geniuses creating this so unless I hear an exodus of engineering/data scientist so I think all is good.   &gt; At an emergency all-hands meeting on Friday afternoon after the announcement, Murati sought to calm employees and said OpenAI's partnership with Microsoft is stable and its backer's executives, including CEO Satya Nadella, continue to express confidence in the startup, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.  The Information previously reported details of the meeting.  &gt; "Microsoft remains committed to Mira and their team as we bring this next era of AI to our customers," a spokesperson for the software maker told Reuters on Friday.,;,; 2023-11-18 00:27:45]
[Apple Vision Pro VR/AR headset is the same price as Microsoft HoloLens 2,;,; Both are $3500. (Technically Apple's is $1 cheaper)  Both are the same class of headset that utilizes both AR and VR technology. Microsoft's HoloLens 2 is marketed mainly towards Professionals and isn't Mass Produced for the regular Consumer Retail market. Whereas Apple's Vision Pro headset will be Mass Produced  headset with the same capabilities if not more than than the HoloLens, for the regular Consumer market, will probably be in stores to test out, etc.  Who do you think will sell more? An AR/VR headset with the Apple name and OS or Microsoft's?  Again they are the same price, so it's honestly not expensive in comparison.,;,; 2023-06-08 18:35:26]
[AWS Can't Compete in Cloud so Now Is Openly Attacking Microsoft,;,;   He said he talked to a few fortune 500 CEOs and they're blocking ChatGPT. Yea the OpenAI public version as it isn't setup for legal data rights. Meanwhile, he left out the part where Microsoft let's you use a completely private version. The whole thing just sounded like a but but but speech.   He also said that RTO was good but we have no data to support it. So much for data. Good guy he is.   Anecdotally, we have people on aws and we're like you want some of that GPT? Yes, well, give me your data lol. That's happening right now.,;,; 2023-11-30 13:56:56]
[Microsoft partnering with AMD,;,; Media report came out yesterday - Microsoft is bankrolling AMD to develop AI chips for it.   Shares jumped briefly to over 90$ yesterday afternoon. Backing from a major player like MSFT will give AMD a much needed push in the AI space that has been largely dominated by NVDA.  Hoping we can see AMD mirror NVDAs recent AI bull run.,;,; 2023-05-05 13:28:04]
[Microsoft is still the most well-positioned company in leveraging AI to generate revenue in the near future.,;,; Lol man oh man people on this sub are on the spectrum, and not the good kind.   Microsoft didn’t announce that they will make $10 trillion dollars in AI revenue this quarter, so people are losing their minds. Nothing has changed other than that they beat literally every single earnings expectation. They are still the most aggressive and well positioned company on earth to utilize AI technology to make insane amounts of money. The fact that they are expecting to see huge profits by 2024 is a huge achievement in itself. Azure sales growth actually slightly exceeded market expectations lol, so if you thought Microsoft was a good buy yesterday, it’s an even better buy today in literally every way imaginable.   Anyway, looking at the bright side, if Microsoft opens tomorrow with a big red dildo, this is actually a healthy draw back before reaching another ATH.  TLDR: buy puts because I bought calls,;,; 2023-07-26 02:48:47]
[Nvidia nears elite trillion-dollar market cap club of Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet and Amazon,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-25 15:40:50]
[Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is the World’s Newest Tech Billionaire,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-21 03:12:30]
[Microsoft winning case to acquire Activision,;,; I don’t know much about what they will do with their games like COD and Diablo but that brings them into taking Sony customers through in game purchases.I feel like Microsoft is going to be on a winning streak for a while now.   Long calls for now  Short puts a week before the release of next COD.  Would love to hear other ideas on what will be other factors involved during this acquisition,;,; 2023-07-12 01:09:09]
[Leaked Microsoft email chain reveals company's Xbox next plans - and Nintendo move,;,; ,;,; 2023-09-19 21:54:54]
[Microsoft deal with Activision,;,; What are some of your thoughts on this deal Microsoft is trying to close?  If the deal goes through Microsoft will buys out Activision shareholders for $95/per share.  Activision shares currently go for around $76.   That’s roughly give or take a 20% gain on your investment.   I hear the Microsoft Activision deal should be settled by summer 2023. I feel like this may be a good opportunity to load up on Activision shares however, I am relatively new to the stock market so some of your views on this topic would be greatly appreciated.    I’m assuming however, the downside of this opportunity may be that the deal does not execute and you are stuck holding on to crappy Activision shares which may potentially drop in value according to some analysis I came across on google.,;,; 2023-02-28 06:35:16]
[Microsoft CEO Signals Willingness to Have Altman Rejoin OpenAI,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-21 00:10:28]
[~$80b of Microsoft’s Net Total Asset Increase In Q4 Came From Intangibles And “Synergies”,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-30 21:56:58]
[Why Microsoft's gross margins are expanding (up 1.89% QoQ).,;,;  At this stage, Microsoft is essentially an AI copilot factory, as Satya explained in the conference call:  "We're using this AI inflection point to redefine our role in business applications. We are becoming the Copilot-led business process transformation layer on top of existing CRM systems like Salesforce."  It is a unified server that dishes out business applications to billions of people worldwide. As folks use these apps, they generate data, which can then be used to train AIs that automate work.  What' was interesting is we saw margins expand this quarter (Q1 FY2024).  Microsoft’s gross margin came in at 71.16% in Q1 FY2024, up from 69.84% last quarter–a high since 2014.  In turn, operating margin came in at 47.59%, up from 41.08% last quarter \[1\].  It turns out this was mostly due to a novel architecture that Microsoft has deployed, to obtain maximum leverage per AI model.  According to management, increases in gross margin are due primarily to ‘improvements’ in the cloud and Office 365 businesses. Satya clarifies these improvements during the Q&amp;A:  "But the thing is, we have scale leverage of one large model that was trained and one large model that's being used for inference across all our first-party SaaS apps, as well as our API in our Azure AI service…  The lesson learned from the cloud side is–we're not running a conglomerate of different businesses, it's all one tech stack up and down Microsoft's portfolio, and that, I think, is going to be very important because that discipline, given what it will look like for this AI transition, any business that's not disciplined about their capital spend accruing across all their businesses could run into trouble."  Over time, this architecture will enable Microsoft to maximize the number of users engaged with copilots daily, while minimizing computing expenses. This should ultimately equate to a higher earning power.  I wonder whether other cloud players are doing the same?,;,; 2023-12-23 11:27:42]
[EU regulators reportedly set to approve Microsoft’s $69bn Activision deal,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-10 16:11:24]
[Microsoft on all-time-high, but stock buyback on 5-year low. Who is buying this rally? 😀,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-21 22:12:01]
[PayPal ceo says he will shock the world on January 25th….any ideas ?,;,; Any ideas ???? Microsoft buyout ? Use PayPal on Twitter to be their payment system ? He’s lying ? What are your thoughts on PayPal ceo trying to pump his stock on sqwuak box ? PayPal $70 calls next week or PayPal $200 calls next week ?,;,; 2024-01-18 23:00:38]
[Microsoft to Debut AI Chip Next Month That Could Cut Nvidia GPU Costs,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-06 20:23:08]
[Google is done for....,;,; This quarter they only made 19.7 Billion USD in net income which is abysmally low for a company it's size. Despite their AI efforts and initiatives the past 6 months Microsoft is clearly eating their lunch with bing gaining ground on Google when it comes to search and overall ad revenue.   The 9.67% down day is completely justified due to Google cloud's dreadful growth which will be Google's unbecoming. Google ONLY made 8.42 billion dollars compared to 8.64 billion dollars expectation which can result into a going concern for bankruptcy. AI is not Google's strong suit and they have overpaid for YouTube sports which will net them no profits.   Overall tiktok and Microsoft will make Google obsolete as AI advanced and tiktok becomes the new YouTube for content creators and seekers of entertainment.,;,; 2023-10-26 02:01:24]
[Updated TimeLine for Microsoft Activison Deal,;,; The 5-day evidentiary hearing Microsoft and Activision vs. FTC from June 22 - June 29 has just ended.  Originally, I had believed that a ruling in favor of the FTC would appear by Friday.  However, additional documents added to the court docket at the last hour appear to have a due date of 7/12/2023.  It looks like a ruling for/against the Activision Microsoft Merger won't appear until after 7/12/2023.  The FTC has a strong cloud-related argument for blocking the deal, while Microsoft has a compelling narrative that its Call of Duty games will still remain on the PlayStation 5, so the decision can go either way.  [  \* You might need to create a free account on Pacer Monitor in order to see this case.  &amp;#x200B;  To earn back all of the money that I lost betting against the stock, I will on each Friday buy  0 day expiry Activision call options at 3PM if the stock is trading more than 80 cents below the previous day's closing price at 3PM, until the stock gets delisted should the buyout complete.  &amp;#x200B;  Discussion of background for the Microsoft Activision vs. FTC case can be found here:  [ 2023-06-30 03:56:18]
[Microsoft-Activision merger CMA revision,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-24 12:09:32]
[Cramer examines OpenAI shakeup, says Microsoft made the right call,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-21 16:09:49]
[Microsoft's Likely Stock Performance for 07/26/2023,;,; After watching Microsoft's stock behavior all day today, I am sorry to say that Microsoft stock will likely move +/- 20 cents compared to today's closing price by the end of tomorrow.   I would also like to congratulate Microsoft for their stellar Q2 2023 earnings and successful acquisition of Activision. I am sorry for not believing in you Activision, I would have made 300% on weekly call options if I had brought right before the announcement from the Delaware chancery court denying the FTC an injunction.  For the executives of Microsoft lurking on this thread with nothing better to do, if I find that you took Call of Duty off the Playstation 5, I will sue you. ,;,; 2023-07-26 21:29:01]
[It's not a joke. OpenAI destroyed itself in a single weekend.,;,; I'm just baffled how nobody in upper management noticed that the company had so many loyal people working, for a great CEO.  500/700 are mentally ready to leave openAI and a lot probably will.  Not to mention the cheap price for MSFT to basically fully takeover OpenAI.  I'm baffled.  Update: it's now 670 out of 770 that are ready to leave.  source:   ,;,; 2023-11-20 16:41:21]
[Microsoft Gains OpenAI Board Seat As a Non-Voting Observer - Sam Altman Confirmed as CEO,;,; [  I agree with having an Adult in the room because they can't afford another fiasco or it's going to look bad on the entire AI hype-machine. Especially when it doesn't seem like anything earth sharttering happened because if it did then Sam Wouldn't have been confirmed as CEO. As well, Microsoft wouldn't of joined if they felt something reputationally damaging could have occured. I am sure there was a thorough investigation.   All is well, except for Nvidia's past 2 weeks:(,;,; 2023-12-01 01:06:13]
[Puts on Google &amp; Stackoverflow, Calls on Microsoft,;,; Bard flunked the same question again (which caused the $120B drop last month).  In the meantime, today, Microsoft announced the copilot for Github - a programmers aide. If any of you have even tried out ChatGPT for coding you'll know that you get a reasonable construct. Maybe the code is not perfect, but you can get on with your job quicker instead of navigating useless ad's and paywalls in Google or Stackoverflow. This is only the beginning as ChatGPT learns more questions with it's head start and provides better answers.  Google will be dead for programmers soon...,;,; 2023-03-22 21:58:42]
[Microsoft is the stock to buy as it leads the AI arms race while Alphabet continues to play catchup with Bard, according to Wedbush,;,; The battle in generative artificial intelligence is heating up following Alphabet's I/O conference on Wednesday, during which the Google parent announced updates to its Bard platform.  But according to Wedbush analyst Dan Ives, Microsoft remains the stock to buy as it maintains its lead in AI with its stake in ChatGPT and prepares to start monetizing the opportunity.  "The AI monetization opportunity makes us more bullish on \[Microsoft\]," he said in a Thursday note. "We believe that Microsoft is in a unique position to gain share in the cloud market while deploying additional AI capabilities that we estimate could expand Redmond's total addressable market around cloud by 35% to 40% over the coming years."  The company's strategic stake in ChatGPT, which was bolstered earlier this year with an additional $10 billion investment into OpenAI, could set Microsoft up for the opportunity to start taking share in the cloud space from Amazon's AWS offering.   Ives reiterated his "Outperform" rating on Microsoft and said it remains a "best idea." Additionally, he increased his price target on Microsoft to $340 from $325, representing potential upside of 9% from current levels.  While Alphabet continues to play catchup in the AI space, it is setting up to go head-to-head for market share against Microsoft, especially as the search company has indicated that it plans to incorporate AI capabilities into all aspects of its product suite, including the cloud.   Full article: [  Wedbush analyst Dan Ives recommends buying Microsoft (MSFT) over Alphabet (GOOG) due to MSFT's lead in the generative AI space as the company already preparing to monetize its headstart in AI, while GOOG is still playing catch-up with its Bard offering. Do you agree that MSFT is a better buy over GOOG as this point?,;,; 2023-05-12 12:37:50]
[Microsoft: At 1-year high -&gt; Whatsup?,;,; Key highlights -&gt;  **Revenue:** $52.9 billion (+7% YoY)  Revenue Breakdown -&gt;  **Productivity and Business Processes revenue:**  $17.5 billion (up 11%)  **Revenue in Intelligent Cloud: $22.1 billion (up 16%)**  **Personal Computing revenue: $13.3 billion (Down 9%)**  **Where did this growth come from?**  Revenue from Office Commercial products and cloud services was up 13%, Office Consumer products and cloud services rose 1%, LinkedIn was up 8%, and Dynamics products and cloud services revenue rose 17%  **Operating income:** $22.4 billion (+10% YoY)  **Net Profit:** $18.3 billion (+9% YoY)  **Earnings per share**: $2.45 (+10% YoY)  &amp;#x200B;  Are you tracking MSFT? It is at 1-year high!,;,; 2023-04-26 14:46:32]
[EU approves Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard, clearing huge hurdle. Bullish on ATVI and MSFT?,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-15 18:54:23]
[Bought MSFT put. Wasn't Hired. 🥲,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-25 03:06:57]
[AMD jumps on report Microsoft is collaborating on A.I. chip push,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-04 17:54:03]
[Microsoft reports earnings beat, says A.I. will drive revenue growth,;,; ,;,; 2023-04-25 22:51:56]
[Apple is relaunching iWork to compete with MS Office,;,; Apple just bought the domain iWork.ai  They are relaunching iWork with an AI twist to compete with Microsoft,;,; 2024-02-10 22:15:43]
[Microsoft (RSI and MACD increasing all afternoon but price tanking),;,; I am confusion! As the title states can someone help me understand how/why Microsoft has been steadily in the toilet but RSI and MACD steadily increasing (10:30 eastern - now),;,; 2023-06-07 18:21:38]
[Microsoft's president to push Activision deal at EU hearing; Google, Nvidia also present,;,; ,;,; 2023-02-21 11:09:00]
[Activision Blizzard stock surges just moments after judge allows Microsoft merger,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-11 22:10:46]
[YTD Performance of the S&amp;P 500 &amp; NASDAQ vs. the Magnificent 7 (Apple $AAPL, Microsoft $MSFT, Google $GOOGL, Amazon $AMZN, Nvidia $NVDA, Tesl,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-28 19:46:31]
[Been holding ATVI for a while so I could cash in after it moons post Microsoft merger. Turns out thats not the way things work 😬😩🤣,;,; I might not have the massive gain or loss porn of some of you legends...but I AM fully regarded and have no idea what im doing, and would like that fully known.,;,; 2023-10-14 01:26:13]
[Microsoft Announces ChatGPT-4 release next week ($MSFT),;,;  The website "interestingengineering.com" published an article on ChatGPT-4 on July 23, 2021, where it speculated on potential improvements and capabilities of the model. Some of these improvements could include enhanced natural language processing, better creativity, and problem-solving abilities, as well as increased personalization and improved multi-lingual capabilities.  The exact details and specifications of ChatGPT-4 are unknown as it is still in the development phase, and the model's release date remains unannounced. However, it is expected to build on the capabilities of its predecessor, ChatGPT-3, which is known for its ability to generate human-like text, translate languages, and even create music and artwork.  Overall, ChatGPT-4 has the potential to further advance the field of artificial intelligence and open up new possibilities for natural language processing, machine learning, and human-machine interaction.  As an AI language model, ChatGPT-4 will likely be an even more advanced version of me, ChatGPT-3, with improvements in performance and capabilities. Here are some potential things ChatGPT-4 might be able to do:  1. Improved language processing: ChatGPT-4 could be better at understanding and processing human language than its predecessors. It may be able to understand more complex sentence structures, nuances of language, and contextual cues. 2. Enhanced creativity: ChatGPT-4 might be capable of generating more creative and original content, such as music, art, and poetry. 3. Better problem-solving: With increased computing power, ChatGPT-4 could be more adept at solving complex problems, such as mathematical equations, scientific hypotheses, or even philosophical debates. 4. Increased personalization: ChatGPT-4 may be able to personalize its responses to individual users based on their past interactions, preferences, and behaviors. 5. Improved multi-lingual capabilities: ChatGPT-4 could be better at translating between different languages, allowing for more seamless communication between people who speak different languages.  Of course, these are just some possibilities for what ChatGPT-4 might be capable of. The exact capabilities of the model will depend on the advances in AI technology and the specific design and training of the model.  Firstly, MSFT is investing heavily in AI and machine learning, and ChatGPT-4 could be a significant advancement in these fields. By improving the model's language processing, personalization, and problem-solving abilities, Microsoft could use ChatGPT-4 to develop new products and services that could enhance their existing offerings or create entirely new revenue streams.  Secondly, MSFT is a major player in the cloud computing industry, and AI models like ChatGPT-4 require significant computing resources to train and operate. By developing more advanced AI models, Microsoft could attract more customers to their cloud computing services, which could result in increased revenue for the company.  Thirdly, AI models like ChatGPT-4 are trained on vast amounts of data, and Microsoft has access to significant amounts of data from its products and services, such as Bing, Office 365, and LinkedIn. By using this data to train ChatGPT-4, Microsoft could potentially gain insights and improve its offerings further, giving them a competitive advantage over other companies.  Overall, ChatGPT-4 could benefit MSFT by enabling them to develop new products and services, attracting more customers to their cloud computing services, and gaining insights from their vast data sets.  &amp;#x200B;  written by ChatGPT, edited by a regard,;,; 2023-03-10 17:12:28]
[Google Search is getting generative AI in strike at Microsoft,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-10 18:22:42]
[Next week rally qqq and spy big Teck will beat earnings. Microsoft, google, meta just to make a few.,;,; Next week is most likely the last week of a rally. Think logically we are not in a good overall economic place rn and FED JEROME WILL RAISE INTEREST RATES either this Friday or next week.  We have gone up fast and have a little left to squeeze. Also there was a mega dump yesterday and prolly end market today. BUY LOW SELL HIGH . Buy fear sell greed . Join while you can.,;,; 2023-07-21 17:34:36]
[Disney to take $1.5 billion stake in Epic Games, work with Fortnite maker on new content - Bullish gaming industry 🎮,;,; KEY POINTS  Disney is investing $1.5 billion for an equity stake in Epic Games in its biggest jump yet into the gaming world.  The media giant will work with the Fortnite gaming studio on new games and an entertainment universe.  Disney has previously collaborated with Epic to bring characters from Marvel, Star Wars, “The Nightmare Before Christmas,” “Tron” and more to Fortnite.  This is bullish the video gaming industry in general after a rout in 2023.   Hopefully that might push Microsoft to do another acquisition of a gaming company like Nexters's HeroWars or Playrix.   2024-02-08 11:51:51]
[2 Catalysts to load up on $MU - Microsoft boosts minimum PC RAM Specs to 16GB and North Korea backing out of Samsung collaboration for DRAM,;,; 1. Thanks to AI, Microsoft is setting the minimum RAM requirement for future PC's to 16GB even for entry-spec PC's: [ 2. Memory chip production at risk as North Korea ramps up threats against South Korea, which produces 71% of global memory supply, 51% of NAND for SSDs:    [  Who is going to win here? Micron ($MU), that's who. Less competition from Samsung and more demand thanks to MS and AI craze.  Positions: Shitload of SOXL shares and calls for Jan 25. Might add some Micron shares on the next dip.,;,; 2024-01-18 19:10:52]
[GenAI will push Microsoft, Google, and Amazon's market cap above Apple - Needham By Investing.com,;,; ,;,; 2023-09-07 10:48:18]
[I advised you all to buy puts before the Microsoft dip, calls before the Meta skyrocket, and calls before Intel shot up 7%. I’m back 😈,;,; Hey guys. It's me, the inverse guy. My inverse game is second to none other than the king himself, Jimmy Chill 😎.   I’ve been absolutely unstoppable when it comes to making the wrong choice at the wrong time. Don’t miss out this time. 100% inverse success rate people. My next position is:  PLTR 8/11 $15 Puts  My bear theory is:   By not selling to countries/companies that are antithetical to Palantir’s mission and cultural values, the firm has self-restricted its growth opportunities.  It will likely be several years before Palantir will achieve generally accepted accounting principle profitability.  Palantir’s executive team is kind of ass tbh  Now you all know the deal, it’s time to load up on all the calls in the world, because I bought puts. It’s really that simple. We’re going for 4 in a row here people don’t fuck this up. Earnings is in 4 days.   Much love, see y’all after earnings.  (Not financial advice, just very confident in my ability to lose money),;,; 2023-08-02 16:32:22]
[Windows on Arm exclusivity may be a thing of the past soon — Arm CEO confirms Qualcomm's agreement with Microsoft expires this year,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-16 08:32:12]
[Cucked by Jerome -$10,000,;,; Microsoft had stellar earnings and decided to dump. Jerome Powell finished the rest of my positions off. Going all cash and back to the grind.,;,; 2024-01-31 19:54:40]
[Any idea what's causing this big sell off? MSFT,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-17 20:37:51]
[Over $300k bet on MVIS. DD included.,;,; Added more to my positions since the last DD I posted. Check it out if you haven't. Basically, I'm betting my entire savings on MVIS. I've been accumulating for a few years. So far, it's working out. I have a strong thesis and think the risk to reward ratio is worth it. I hope my conviction pays off.  All this AI money is going to rotate into computer vision. MVIS has a patent moat for LASER BEAM SCANNING (LBS). They use this technology to offer lidar products but also have other verticals.  The next step for AI is giving machines perception. Check out the Garter hype cycle for AI and pay attention to the date/timelines. You can also see that computer vision is outpacing all other forms of AI (even ahead of generative AI). MVIS is computer vision.     MVIS also offers a NEAR EYE DISPLAY (NED) solution using their LBS tech. This technology is behind Microsoft's Halolens and IVAS. Microsoft's contract with MVIS ends this year. With Apple set to release their own NED headset, the extended reality (VR, AR) and  headset wars are about to begin. The big players are Apple, Microsoft, Meta, and Samsung.  Microvison is primed to rip for a couple of reasons. Volume and volatility are returning. Shorts are under pressure to start covering. This stock has great short-term and long-term potential. Here are a couple of ways to play with this stock:  1. Buy shares 2. Buy call options 3. Sell put options  MicroVision currently had the highest ORTEX short squeeze score for the month of May:    Link to previous DD. Check it out for more information on my thesis:    Feel free to post any questions or concerns.  Update 1: Still holding. Close to being up 30%. Almost six figures!  Update 2: Still holding. Over 50% return. Over $175k in profits.,;,; 2023-06-05 02:25:01]
[Microsoft to add ChatGPT powered AI to the WINDOWS search bar &amp; provide better Android and iOS integration. $AAPL and $GOOG are fuk.,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-02 06:40:07]
[Tech layoffs surge,;,; Tech layoffs have surged this year as tech stocks are hitting an all time high  [ 2024-01-27 03:29:35]
[Apple will makes it largest purchase acquisition in Q2 of 2024.,;,; Tim Apple is running out of levers to pull. Todays quarterly results show decent staying power in services, but they can’t cover up the horrible Mac numbers, less users upgrading phones, and declining revenue. Tim Apple will do his little sexy boy dance on the call this quarter to talk up services and improvements in China to keep the stock stable, however after the call he will storm into the boardroom and demand a big purchase to hype up the stock and distract from results. We all know the line that Apples biggest purchase is Beats headphones and they don’t use their massive cash pile, but Tim Cook is looking at that bald Egyptian CEO at Microsoft and The ZUCK making bank on AI hype and will want some of that action. He also knows that Lina Khhhhannnn can’t afford another loss in the courtroom to block it.,;,; 2023-11-02 21:04:09]
[The market will collapse next week,;,; The world is going to collapse.  I just seen multiple bearish posts indicating the end of time.  Motley Fool has consistently posted bearish sentiment articles by credible financial journalists and we all know that Motley Fool has an impeccable track record and we should all be subscribing to their daily top 3 picks as they would never steer you in the wrong direction. Very reliable source of information, even better than the Bloomberg terminal some might say.  As the good old saying goes, “What’s a Bloomberg terminal when you got a Motley Fool subscription.” Am I right, or Am I right?  The top major banks have just announced an approximate amount in the ballpark of $650B in unrealized losses from bonds which have yet to mature while having assets worth multiples that of said unrealized losses … long story short, a liquidity problem is definitely on the rise.  The U.S. have been announcing a possibility of a government shut down for the 14,765th time during a time when there are multiple wars backed by the states, we will be without internet and back to caveman times by next Friday.  Microsoft will change its name to Microhard, that’s how bad its going to get.  South Korea is ending the ability of short selling. It’s all coming together.  To make things interesting, as we all know to inverse, reverse, side-verse, and disperse WSB …  Calls and Puts on $SPY.,;,; 2023-11-06 02:43:58]
[Poor Man’s Covered Call What it is, why I’m doing it with $30k worth of MSFT calls , and why you should consider trying it. TLDR at TOP,;,; TLDR: selling covered calls good. You can use long-term call options as collateral instead of having to buy 100 shares of the underlying asset. This makes you big money at a relatively lower risk than you might expect. it’s a strategy that consists of buying ITM or very close to ITM, long-term call options and then using that as collateral to sell a short term OTM covered call.  I made this post in response to a lot of the people on my last WSB post. Turns out not many people seem to know what the PMCC is despite this being a heavily option based sub Reddit (so I will try to simplify it for those that don’t know much about options).  A call option gives you the option to purchase an equity at the strike price. Where as a person who owns 100 shares can sell a covered call option and they will sell you those 100 shares for your strike price. The premium you pay is what he gets to keep. So his goal is to write options that will never be able to be exercised, that way, he keeps both the premium and his 100 shares. He does this by selling short term very OTM call options. They’re great because there are fools that think that buying multiple cheap call options will make them more money than one really expensive in the money long-term option. And this is where WSB comes in. There are plenty of people in the sub that simply love FDs for whatever reason (I genuinely believe that some people don’t fully understand why people love to sell these to them).  So let me explain why one is smart and why one is dumb.  Let’s say Microsoft is currently $400 , I bought 100 shares for that price and I’m going to sell a covered call that expires in one month at a strike price of 425.   let’s say that Microsoft hit the price of $430 and the person exercised the option. In this scenario I would have to sell my 100 shares of Microsoft for $425 despite selling for $430 on the market. But hey, remember you bought them for $400. Now you sold them for $425 and you get to keep whatever the person paid for the premium on top of that. The risk here is that Microsoft could hit something like $470 and you would still have to sell it for $425 and the premium you made is nowhere near enough to compensate the money you could’ve gotten if you would’ve just held onto it and not sold. You as the call option writer Can decide to sell a very short term very out the money call option that will likely never be exercised but it will be sold for cheap or you could sell a very close to the money longer-term call option for a massive premium. (or of course, something in between.) but with that being said 80% of all call options written expire worthless so you do have a bit of a competitive edge on your side.  Now, as for the buyer He buys a bunch of short term out the money call options for cheap because he thinks he will make more money this way (which is of course possible, but it would be very very unlikely) Unfortunately, Theta really kicks in the last 1-2 months so because he chose a short term option he really really needs to fight against the clock here. Also, because the call options he bought are really OTM, the Delta on his options are very low, meaning he would need a massive price movement in order to feel anything through his options. Obviously he is set up for failure and his call options expire worthless which happens 90% of the time and even when it doesn’t it doesn’t necessarily make up for all the money lost in the past.  So what have we learned?  Selling covered calls good, buying short term out the money options bad.  But do you have $40,000 to buy 100 shares of Microsoft so that you can write call options on it ? Or let’s assume that you do, you could buy 100 shares or you can buy multiple long-term call options that are ITM or close to it. And remember each call option represents 100 shares of Microsoft. And because let’s say you bought three, you can then sell three short term out the money covered call options. If you get assigned you now have to sell 100 shares to the person at whatever the strike is. You don’t need to actually own 100 shares You just need to have enough money to buy 100 shares and then you will sell them at the strike price. But wait, the stock price must have gone up in Order for the options to able to be exercised, but wait you own call options! See where this is going. Most up-to-date brokerages let you use call options as collateral to sell covered calls because of this very reason. In the scenario where you get assigned, you should hopefully have call options that increased in value. Now you can sell a call option for more than what you bought it for and on top of that you keep the premium . However, this introduces more risk because depending on your contract length and how near the money your call options that you bought and sold are it is completely possible to have to pay a lot for the assignment and not have options that went up all that much (and they can always expire worthless If you do decide to keep holding them) Also, if you think the covered call, you sold will be dramatically ITM by its expiration date at some point, you could just pay to close the position you’ll pay whatever premium it’s going for, but then you won’t be using it as collateral any longer much better than being assigned. But there are ways to minimize this. Simply put, sell short term out the money options so that whoever buys them has to deal with high Theta and low Delta, meaning time decay will dramatically, eat up the intrinsic value of the contract, and there would have to be massive price movement to have a positive effect on the option price they bought. Meanwhile you buy long-term in the money call options as collateral. Meaning that theta will not eat up much of its intrinsic value, and because your delta is very high since it’s in the money small movements in the underlying assets will have a bigger impact on your option, whether for better or for worse. Oh, and now you’re able to sell many more call options because instead of buying 100 shares you bought contracts that represent 100 shares.  Of course, like anything it works until it doesn’t . But even if the underlying asset you write it on end up tanking you at least keep the premium. Depending on how long the contract is you could hold if you think it might eventually go back up or sell it for significantly less than what you bought it for but at the very least, it keeps a lot of its intrinsic value since it’s a long-term contract.  So far everything I’ve covered is the PMCC strategy as you would read or hear about it, the following is my take and twist on it  I am exclusively doing this with Microsoft simply because it’s Microsoft . As in it’s a very reputable company and it only seems to go up.  If I have five call options, I do not write five covered calls on it because I don’t ever want to have to risk liquidating my entire options portfolio  (even if you make sure the risk is relatively low. The risk is still there)  Speaking of, I buy the bulk of my options to be expiring one year or more from when I bought it so that it can qualify for long-term capital gains tax (remember it’s not just about how much money you make, It’s also about how much money you get to keep.)  And what do I do with the options premiums I collect ? Well I simply save until I get enough to buy another long-term in the money call option, which lets me sell more cover, call options, which can then help me buy more call options, which can then help me sell more covered call options (you get the idea.) and lowers the cost basis of the call options I buy if I decide to continue injecting my own cash from my bank account. Also it gives me a bit of downside protection since I’ll be able to keep the premium if things turn for the worst whereas normally, if the option you buy doesn’t end up working out you just lose everything. And remember your long-term in the money call options will retain a good amount of their intrinsic value at least.  Of course, the whole idea is that the underlying asset will go up and at least move closer to your strike price overtime. This is like buying a regular leap but with extra steps because along the way, you have potential to make considerable income because of the premiums you collect.  If done correctly, and all goes well, you can exponentially grow your portfolio value really quickly with a lower risk than you would expect  Anyway, this was a bit of a oversimplification. I highly recommend you watch a YouTube video if you are interested. Yes I am aware of the other Greeks but I didn’t want to bring them up because this post is already long and complicated as it is.  EDIT: I replied to like 50 comments at this point. What I’m gonna do is just gather up the most commonly commented questions, and then answer them in future post. So please don’t get offended if I don’t respond to you here.,;,; 2024-01-21 13:16:19]
[MSFT earnings discussion,;,; Just bought some MSFT ATM calls exp 2/2.   Did absolutely 0 DD, going off vibes alone.   If it hits, I double down and buy ATM AAPL calls for Thursday. If not, back to Wendy’s we go.   What is your argument against Microsoft continuing to shrek up? Unless there is a legitimate Bear thesis, it seems that AI and Cloud talk will keep floating it upwards.,;,; 2024-01-29 18:15:29]
[I'm insanely jealous of the US stock market,;,; I've been hesitant to make this kinda post for fear of being down voted but enough is enough I have  to speak out. Without even considering the other top 99 companies, Apple alone is worth more than the entire FTSE100 companies combined. Your economy is a powerhouse of innovation, determination and worth ethic.  You enjoy globally dominated companies like Apple, Microsoft, Visa, Mastercard, Nvidia just to name a few. Mean while the UK has dog shit oil companies and banking companies on the verge of bankruptcy. I cannot remember the last time the UK produced a multi billon pound company. I think it was ARM Holdings, way back in 1990?  So my question is simply why can't the UK produce technological juggernauts like the US can? We have some of the best universities in the world yet we don't produce hardly any good companies.  I just want to know why...,;,; 2023-06-06 00:00:15]
[Sam Altman Likely to Return as OpenAI CEO - What will be the Board Fallout and What Might that Signal to the Markets?,;,; I do have an MSFT position FYI.  I believe that Sam is most likely going to return as CEO of OpenAI. Seemingly there was a rift between a neoliberal faction self-described of "Effective Altruism" (EA) and another faction (Sam's POV) Effective Acceleration i.e.(Get to market quick) The latter is just everyday business life but the important questions are: Does acceleration benefit everyone involved such as MSFT and OpenAI?  Is Microsoft's bet safe now or do they need to get their ass on the board and make sure that they are well positioned going forward?  Do they get a crisis resolution bounce tomorrow morning?  Also, to the CNBC "[Big Tech Analysts]( that came online and wrote OpenAI and Microsoft dead... This is for you Alex Kantrowitz. Daddy $MSFT got this.   lol So many questions and what a hell of a weekend!,;,; 2023-11-19 21:44:48]
[Damn, wouldn't be surprised if MSFT opens at 400 today.,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-20 08:53:02]
[All in.,;,; (Second time posting, because my other one got taken down ) I opened these positions last week. Risky, but nothing compared to what other have been posting. I am all in on Microsoft calls. My general strategy is a pmcc strategy. I choose Microsoft because it’s well, msft. I’ll update the progress on my profile at least once a month (and here if it’s allowed).,;,; 2024-01-20 16:14:44]
[$ATVI / $MSFT hearing outcome predictions?,;,; For those not aware, Microsoft defended their Activision purchase in front of a federal judge a week ago. They currently cannot close the deal due to a PI. Jusge could remove the PI as soon as Sunday or Monday. Then there is a 5 business day cooldown during which the FTC could appeal. Deal deadline is July 18th.   While Microsoft has clearly outperformed the FTC, there are risks that the judge would rule in favor of the FTC due to her and Lina Khan being both named by Biden.   I have a shit ton of calls for next week with limited number of put protection so I’ll either make 100K or lose like 60K. What are your thoughts?   2023-07-08 23:55:37]
[Sam Altman’s SPAC ALCC 🚀or 💩??,;,; TL;DR   * Sam Altman’s, AKA AI messiah, SPAC merging soon with OKLO, nuclear company. * It’s at $10.75, with net cash around $10.40 * [AI data centers are bottle-necked by energy]( some speculation MSFT will buy energy from oklo. * Investor day on Feb2, after over 7 months of no news.  What's the Deal with ALCC  ALCC ain't just another SPAC, it's a rocketship captained by OpenAI Sam Altman, goldenchild of AI. It’s acquiring a small modular nuclear company named Oklo. Now how the hell is nuclear energy related to AI? It’s because AI needs a fucktonne of energy.[ AI needs nuclear power ‘breakthrough’ to thrive.]( LLMs and Image generation models are fucking energy hogs.  What is OKLO?  Hear it from Sam himself. [Here’s Sam shilling ALCC](  &amp;#x200B;    Why is it interesting?  👑 Sam Altman, the big brain behind OpenAI and the genius creator of ChatGPT, is at the helm of ALCC. Remember November? The man became a house-hold name when he pulled a reverse-Julius Caesar, outmaneuvered his board, and with Satya Nadella's wizardry, resurrected from the corporate underworld to vanquish his betrayers. This guy's not playing chess; he's playing 4D StarCraft.  Here’s Sam more popular than Elon during november  &amp;#x200B;    🔥 Nuclear's on Fire: It's not just hot; it's supernova hot. Sure, Oklo's future plant is a 'maybe', but nuclear energy is all the rage. It's the comeback kid of the energy sector. Uranium prices literally memeing.  &amp;#x200B;    📅 Feb 2nd - Mark it: Investor Day is coming. Six months of hush-hush and suspense since the stock's been in limbo, waiting for the merger. But here's the kicker: I've got a hunch Microsoft's gonna cozy up with ALCC on Investor Day. Why? Because Satya is gay for Sam and Microsoft has got a hard on for nuclear.  &amp;#x200B;    Here’s Microsoft signing a deal with a private nuclear company, Helion. Guess who’s the chairman of Helion and invested $500M in it? Sam fucking Altman. He made the deal happen with Helion, and he’ll likely make one happen with Oklo.  &amp;#x200B;    But its a SPAC right? Aren’t SPACS trash?  Yes, but also look at $DWAC. Single handly reviving SPACs.  &amp;#x200B;    So should you buy? Fck no its probably going to dump 50%. It’s an unprofitable shitco nuclear company. Also it’s a shitass SPAC. Have you seen $SMR? It’s in the gutter. I wouldn’t touch a single thing from this guy. Im holding shares coz YOLO. DO YOU OWN RESEARCH.,;,; 2024-01-29 15:18:28]
[Possibly a big scandal on the way from OpenAI,;,; Sam Altman was on the stage a couple of days ago, now fired on Friday evening, citing "lying to the board" as the reason.   Seems like the board wants plausible deniablity and a big scandal could be well on the way to curb the AI Ponzi run...  Edit: There has been a stop in allowing new users too.  Microsoft claiming they didn't know anything until 1 minute before the news reeks of bullshit. They own 49% of the company, if they claim ignorance it's likely because of a massive lie or scandal coming out as the other option just means pure incompetence &amp; lack of any stake in a company they own!,;,; 2023-11-17 22:31:36]
[Msft hacked, whats the play?,;,;   Puts on msft or maybe calls calls if the exec emails are leaked and chatty g is confirmed sentient,;,; 2024-01-20 15:16:55]
[NVDA flow chart,;,; I run into this chart online and it made me realize that data centers are a way bigger portion of revenues than I initially thought. I was planning on buying puts before earnings give the recent hype, thinking that AI is not going to replace lost revenue due to gaming (especially after reading articles like this:  but it might be able to cover it given that data centers is such a big portion of the business.,;,; 2023-05-21 21:12:07]
[Nvidia or AMD,;,; Everyone talks about Nvidia, but nobody about AMD? AMD is a solid company with solid growth, while the price of Nvidia is getting overrated and everyone is pumping their money in there out of sheer hype, I don't understand why AMD, Microsoft, apple, meta, aren't hyped similarly?,;,; 2023-07-22 17:39:02]
[$MSFT clases Activision deal, calls or puts tomorrow?,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-15 19:07:26]
[Anyone feeling bullish after last few days,;,; With bunch of big earning releases next week like Google, Amazon, KO, Microsoft, etc, I feel like most of them will be positive dragging the entire market up a little bit. Planning to buy some calls for SPY 425 and AMZ 130. Anyone else?,;,; 2023-10-21 06:00:16]
[Over $200k unrealized gains from my Microvision YOLO. More DD included.,;,; Still holding. MVIS to the moon.  Check out my previous posts I published on WSB via my profile.   Here is some more DD on MVIS:  Revolutionizing Perception: Microvision's MEMS-based Tech Unveils the Future of AI and Augmented Reality!  Today, we dive into the captivating world of artificial intelligence, machine vision, and computer perception with a special focus on the groundbreaking technology of Microvision.  🔍 Peeking into the Future of Vision  Microvision, a pioneer in the tech industry, has been silently shaping the future of perception. Their secret weapon? MEMS-based technology and laser beam scanning, unlocking unprecedented possibilities for artificial intelligence, machine vision, and computer perception. Let's dive into the mesmerizing innovations they're spearheading!  🌟 Laser Beam Scanning: A Game-Changer  Microvision's laser beam scanning technology has sent shockwaves through the industry. By using microscopic mirrors on tiny silicon chips, they've developed a revolutionary scanning system that produces high-quality, real-time images. This breakthrough opens up endless opportunities in various sectors, including lidar and augmented reality.  💡 Lidar Redefined: Precision in Motion  Lidar technology has gained tremendous popularity in recent years, thanks to its role in autonomous vehicles, drones, and robotics. Microvision's MEMS-based lidar technology takes it to a whole new level. By leveraging their laser beam scanning prowess, they've created a lidar solution that offers exceptional precision, reliability, and efficiency. Buckle up, because the self-driving revolution just got a whole lot smarter!  👓 Augmented Reality: A New Lens to the World  Augmented reality (AR) has long been the stuff of sci-fi dreams, but Microvision is turning those dreams into reality. Their MEMS-based technology enables the creation of sleek, lightweight, and highly efficient AR displays. Imagine a world where digital information seamlessly blends with the real world, enriching your experiences and transforming the way we interact with our surroundings. That future is closer than you think, thanks to Microvision's remarkable strides in AR.  👓Headsets and NEAR EYE DISPLAYS: IVAS and HoloLens; Microvision's Visionary Collaborations  Microvision's groundbreaking technology has caught the attention of tech giants, leading to exciting collaborations that further amplify their impact. Let's explore two notable projects: the Integrated Visual Augmentation System (IVAS) and HoloLens, both of which leverage Microvision's cutting-edge MEMS-based technology.  🔮 IVAS: A Leap Forward in Military Technology  The Integrated Visual Augmentation System (IVAS) is a collaboration between Microvision and the United States Army that aims to revolutionize military operations. IVAS integrates Microvision's laser beam scanning technology into advanced military helmets, providing soldiers with unprecedented situational awareness and augmented reality capabilities.  Imagine soldiers equipped with smart helmets that overlay critical information, such as maps, enemy positions, and mission-critical data, directly onto their field of view. Microvision's MEMS-based technology enables precise, real-time scanning and projection, allowing soldiers to access vital information while keeping their focus on the mission at hand. The potential impact on military operations, training, and safety is immense.  🕶️ HoloLens: Augmented Reality for the Masses  Microvision's collaboration with Microsoft on the HoloLens, an iconic augmented reality headset, has captured the imagination of tech enthusiasts worldwide. The HoloLens takes Microvision's laser beam scanning technology and pairs it with Microsoft's expertise in software and user experience, delivering an immersive augmented reality experience like no other.  With the HoloLens, users can step into a world where digital content blends seamlessly with the real world. From interactive gaming and entertainment experiences to revolutionary productivity tools and immersive educational applications, the possibilities are endless. Microvision's MEMS-based technology plays a pivotal role in ensuring the HoloLens offers stunning visuals, precise tracking, and a truly magical augmented reality experience.  🚀 Unleashing the Future Together.  The collaborations between Microvision, the United States Army for IVAS, and Microsoft for HoloLens exemplify the power of synergy in driving technological advancements. By combining Microvision's MEMS-based laser beam scanning technology with the expertise of these industry leaders, we're witnessing the birth of groundbreaking solutions that push the boundaries of AI, machine vision, and augmented reality.  As investors and tech enthusiasts, these collaborations represent exciting growth opportunities. The potential applications of IVAS in military operations and the widespread adoption of HoloLens by consumers and enterprises alike could drive significant demand for Microvision's technology and position the company at the forefront of the AR revolution.  📈 Investment Potential: A Diamond in the Rough?  Now, let's talk turkey. As savvy traders, it's crucial to evaluate the investment potential of such groundbreaking technologies. Microvision's laser beam scanning technology has garnered attention from major players in various industries. The market for lidar and augmented reality is projected to explode in the coming years, and Microvision is positioning itself as a key player.  Disclaimer: This post is for informational purposes only and does not constitute financial advice. Always do your own research before making investment decisions.  Best of luck with your investment!  I know it's crazy not to pull out, but I got a thesis and am deciding to stick with it.,;,; 2023-06-06 22:37:52]
[Has Alphabet Lost Its Edge?,;,; TL;DR: Until we can try out Gemini Ultra, it's at least questionable to what extent Alphabet's new AI is really superior to GPT 4. Microsoft also provides an ecosystem into which OpenAI's GPTs fit seamlessly. Where does that leave Alphabet if Gemini Ultra doesn't deliver on all its promises? - Google Search, and here again, Microsoft's Bing is catching up, using the power of OpenAI.  This is not financial advice.  The full text can be found [here]( or [here](  "\[...\]Last week Alphabet announced its new AI Gemini, which will be released in 3 different versions: Nano, Pro and Ultra. According to Google Deepmind’s recent report, Gemini Ultra outperforms OpenAI’s GPT 4 in almost all benchmarks. This claim was supported by a video that turned out to be staged (I wouldn’t call it a fake, as the [real prompts were also published]( But if Gemini Ultra is finally superior to GPT 4 and this can be proven by many benchmarks, why does Alphabet continue to hide its prodigy? Why does Alphabet take the risk that OpenAI will release GPT 4.5 in the near future and thus sweep away all the doubts about its superiority?  Hasn’t Alphabet’s innovation lead always been a big part of the investment thesis for Alphabet shareholders? Now Alphabet is trying hard to show that its secret AI, Gemini Ultra, can keep up with the already publicly available GPT 4 — marketing aside, the published report on Gemini Ultra doesn’t say much more than that. An AI is not a gasoline engine. You cannot simply quantify its performance on a scale and then claim that a single-digit percentage difference is evidence of one’s superiority over the other. I am not an expert in quantitative evaluation of AI, but ultimately AI is statistical learning, and in my experience the new generative language models do not always produce reproducible results (especially when generating images). Accordingly, shouldn’t the significance level of the measured performance differences be specified? Couldn’t these rather small differences just be statistical noise in favor of Gemini? Also, the results given are not reproducible because we cannot test Gemini Ultra. And again, if Gemini Ultra is so superior, why can’t we just try it? So has Alphabet lost its edge? I don’t know, but with every statement without a tangible product, my doubts about the company’s superiority grow.  And let’s not forget the giant behind [OpenAI with a 49% stake: Microsoft]( which has a product ecosystem that literally screams for AI implementations. And I’m not just talking about Word, which will soon be writing for us, PowerPoint, which will magically put together our next presentation, or Excel, which will soon be giving no one a headache: Microsoft Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code are widely used integrated development environments (IDEs) and industry standards. Microsoft’s code-generating bot, Github Copilot, has been available as a plug-in since 2021. So if AI is going to have a real impact on business productivity and therefore our economies, it could be through the infrastructure that Microsoft provides. So even if Gemini Ultra beats GPT4 in many ways and OpenAI cannot deliver a better AI in the near future, Microsoft is providing the services where AI could become a real productivity driver.  And what will Alphabet have left if it loses this AI battle? People use its cash cow, Google Search, today largely because they’ve been used to it for two decades — that’s worth a lot, but maybe Bing can slay even that metaphorical dragon with the magic of OpenAI, unaware of its often-called unbeatable dominance\[...\]",;,; 2023-12-12 21:15:16]
[Sell MSFT,;,; Microsoft is a definite sell.  The AI hype is BS.  Pay attention to the reasons below:  1) The AGI (artificial general intelligence) is a  crock of shit.  A simple algorithm that jumbles words that is meaningless. I tried ChatGPT and it directed me to useless sites asking for pay for their useless services. A Microsoft con job.  2) The P/E of 36 is way too high for a traditional business software company.  I thing 20 is more reasonable.  3) This thing with Mr. Altman is ridiculous: a effective altruist who will change the world by donating money for the better good of humanity thru a shell game like SBF.    4) Another con job: MSFT will take over Open AI because they’ll offer high paying jobs that talented Programmers can’t  resist.  BS!!    5) Once the uselessness of a fake AI enterprise is exposed - it’ll crash like the dot.com bubble from years past.    There are many better companies to invest in.  Companies that will provide profits thru useful enterprises.   How many times do you use Google, Amazon, and Apple?   MSFT chose the low road. SELL!!!,;,; 2023-11-26 03:43:20]
[QCOM Thesis,;,; I have been watching the AI hardware game play out, and I my theory is that Qualcomm is ridiculously under valued vs other AI hardware providers.   Qualcomm's latest offerings on device are powerful enough to do some really interesting things on device as we can see with the S24 ultra. All of a sudden phones can begin to do more locally vs just being a portal into the internet.   I think more interestingly, Qualcomm is in theory about to come into desktop computing in a big way with the x elite desktop chip. I get it if people think Qualcomm has no room for growth on phones because they are already top dog, but they could potentially completely destroy intel and amd in the laptop and potentially desktop market. Apples m chips are ridiculously better then anything intel or apple can throw at laptops without paying insane gamer money, and the x elite will prolly be the same, which btw Microsoft is betting on with windows 12. Imagine if Microsoft starts to depend on x elite for copilot???  Next up you have their ai 100 inference cards, which seem to be ridiculously good at doing cost effective inference. From what I can tell, they have all been snapped up by large cloud providers and they most likely didn't produce enough, and hopefully they are ramping up production.   So, these guys dominate phones with the best stuff, Microsoft is making windows 12 compatible with arm architecture for the first time ever and they have the first and only option (and it looks like it will be hands down better in both general computing and ai workloads then what's on the market). And to top it off they have a credible line of ai inference server cards that are selling like hotcakes.  What on earth is going on with their stock price? You have to really think people think xelite and server inference hardware will be literally worthless to have the current valuation. These guys are coming for nvidia, intel,  and amds pie and they have a really credible shot at taking a huge slice of their traditional market and the new ai stuff. X elite alone is enough to bankrupt intel.,;,; 2024-02-04 14:58:30]
[Why I'm getting MSFT calls for earnings.,;,; Microsoft (MSFT) will report its third fiscal quarter (Q3) 2023 results today after the market closes. The report will cover the quarter from January 2023 to March 2023.  **Microsoft Earnings Expectation**  Revenues: $51.05 billion. 4% year-over-year growth but 4% lower than the previous quarter.  EPS: $2.23, no change from a year ago and 3.8% lower than Q2.  **What to watch for**  Out of the three business divisions, the Intelligent Cloud department has become Microsoft’s gold mine nowadays, contributing 40% of the group’s total revenue with sound and solid growth momentum. In the previous quarter, the cloud services’ revenue increased 18% while whole group’s revenue only added 2%.  For the to-be-reported quarterly earnings, Microsoft anticipated revenues from the Intelligent Cloud will keep increasing at the pace between 17% and 19% to a range of $21.7-$22 billion. However, Microsoft also flagged that Azure, the cloud computing platform that which is one of the main engines of the cloud business, would slow down its growing speed by 4 or 5 percentage points to near 30% in the fiscal third quarter, down from 46% in the same period last year.  Q2 FY23 Financial Summary:   **The laggard**  The downtrend in the global personal computing industry has accelerated in the past year. So did Microsoft’s PC business. In the six months ended December 31th, the revenue from the PC related business was down 11% YOY, while in the last three month, the yearly downfall rate was speed up to 19%.  The first quarter of this year has marked the fifth consecutive quarter of global PC sales decline. As such, it's not difficult to see that this hard-to-stop slide will further falter the demand for all the product line under the umbrella of Personal Computing. The used-to-be-proud King of the PC projected this sector's revenue for Q3 will be between $11.9 billion and $12.3 billion, indicating a 14%-17% decline from the same quarter last year.    **The AI Race**  The battlefield for the AI race has been set up and the smoke is getting intense.  Microsoft seemly led the way for now thanks to its shared commitment with OpenAI to build generative AI systems--ChatGPT has convinced the world in 2023 that, AI will become a topping layer of technology and prompt a new generation of “platform shift”.  Clearly, all the tech giants are not hesitated to go all-in in the AI race and are ready to thrive in this new age. Microsoft, despite racing inches ahead now, is facing the fiercest competition in decades. Alphabet, Google’s parent company, unveiled a similar AI function in March for Gmail, which is now used by 1.8 billion people around the world. Apple disclosed that 45% of its M&amp;A targets are AI-related compared to Microsoft’s 23% now. In terms of the bright minds, Meta has employed 23.5% of staff with AI skills while Microsoft’s ratio is 21.8%  Additionally, the ticket to the AI race is very costly. Microsoft has boosted its R&amp;D investment in the previous quarter by 18% to 6.8 billion, which, saw its net margin fell from 36% to 30% in the September quarter.  As Chairman and CEO of Microsoft Satya Nadella said in January: “The next major wave of computing is being born.” Microsoft is not shy with its ambition to be the king of the new wave, the challenge being, all its old foes are thinking the same.  **Microsoft Share Price**  Despite the bright limelight this year thanks to ChatGPT, Microsoft’s stock price didn’t enjoy extra shine compared to other tech titans. But the good news is the price has clearly bottomed out from the Nov-Jan low when the two-year-low was made.  Based on the weekly chat, the stock is currently attempting to challenge the August peak at around 291-296, a hurdle that could open the door to $300 psychological level if successfully conquered.  Conversely, if the break fails, any pullback should be supported by the 100-MA to preserve the bull-biased momentum. However, a fall below this level will risk further breaching the current ascending trajectory and increase the chance of a bear-reversal.  But the recent price movements are not going to play a role in whether it goes up or down tonight. I believe it would be smart to get calls for earnings. I think a MSFT call spread would be good. Buy the 4/28 280c and sell the 290c, which would cost about $277. You could be leaving with 3.6x gains if this goes well!,;,; 2023-04-25 19:46:47]
[Why is the stock dealer called broker when I am more broke?,;,; Since you all J***ed off to all the losses today. Tomorrow is recovery day. My pick is apple, microsoft and nvidia to short by eod tomorrow after the early morning rally. What say you?,;,; 2023-12-21 05:59:56]
[MSFT is back. And He is King.,;,; You've been thinking it. I'm going to say it: MSFT is back. And he is King.  [MSFT so sexy](  I grew up on Windows and Excel. I was raised on that MS-DOS. I flipped those floppy disks. Those were the days. But then Google and Apple came. And I'm not gonna lie... I became a freak in the Google Sheets and Chromed out my whole compute stack. The iPhone was lit, and the Mac worked like a boss. They put my dude Microsoft to shame. Office 365 and Windows became a pain to use. Windows mobile and Internet Explorer were bad jokes. And rip that guy with the Zune tattoo. I had all but given up on my old friend Microsoft.  But then - I heard that musical trill from Back to the Future - and something amazing started to happen. My dude never gave up. He cut his losses. And he went open-source. VSCode stepped out onto the playground and rolled over Emacs and Vim like dogs. Github came on the team and started carrying. Azure DevOps got him sexy in the big leagues again. I even bought a Surface Duo to use as my phone... and now everywhere I go people stop me and demand to know who made my phone. Microsoft, folks. Microsoft made it.  Copilot hit the scene, and a crowd started to gather. MSFT saw OpenAI comin' up with GPT and took him right under his wing. And the impossible happened. Bing rolled over Google search, rolled him right over in public and took the high ground.   The GPT train has only just started rolling, bois and gals. And if you want to bet on the biggest swingin' dick in town to ride that bull... you better believe it's your boy MSFT Microsoft swingin' that hog. And I couldn't be more proud.   Y'know the bears are getting pretty weird these days. And for good reason. But I can tell you one thing. MSFT and I will be watching that mess from the moon.  🚀🌕 ✌️🤖✌️😎,;,; 2023-04-06 21:47:46]
[Bing vs chrome,;,; With Microsoft investing $10 billion into open ai to give bing a chat bot (similar to chat gpt 3) and Google’s equivalent flopping.  Will bing begin a new era?  According to Microsoft bing is 140% quicker and more efficient using 2.9GB of RAM compared to Google’s 3.1GB of RAM at 60 tabs open (weather Microsoft exaggerated this data by using optimal situations I don’t know. But is proven correct to an extent)  If you can’t live without your chrome extensions you can add them to bing as well. And it is not hard to transfer your bookmarks  So what is stoping bing dominating search? I’m going to guess that people don’t like changing or trust Google more.,;,; 2023-02-24 23:10:54]
[Why Activision Blizzard stock might be a steal.,;,; I'm not going to pretend to be a financial advisor in any way. I'm just someone who is trying to learn how to take take some additional risks in stock investing, in addition to investing in ETFs.  Ok, so here's why I think Activision Blizzard will do very well in the coming months.  1. Firstly, Diablo 4, one of Activision Blizzard's flagship series is going to come out on June 6th. This series (Diablo I, II, &amp; III) have historically been majorly successful, and is basically the predecessor to major games like Path of Exile in recent times.  With the release of a flagship AAA game, the company is asking for $70 USD per copy, up to $100 USD for its ultimate edition of the game. The game itself also follows industry standards of monetization through a Battle pass system that should refresh each season.  The reception to this game so far has been very positive, and I feel its release would be big enough to impact Activision Blizzard's Q2 report around August. A successful Q2 report would likely drive up people's perception of the company, and hence drive up the stock price.  2. Secondly, in recent times, Microsoft has met issues with the acquisition of Activision Blizzard, particularly in the UK because of anti trust laws. But this is a good thing. I'll explain why I think so.  For background, Microsoft in 2022 wanted to acquire activision blizzard at $95 per share. The price per share back then was around $70. With a potential future evaluation of $95, the market started to price this in over the last year and a half, resulting in activision blizzard stock ending around $85 last week.  In recent news though, with microsoft's difficulty, investors lost a bit of faith in the acquisition, and the stock price dropped to $75 ish. So it becomes potentially a good time to buy.  This is good because, based on my understanding (Im not going to pretend I know everything), the anti trust UK issue is based on Microsoft having too large a market share in Cloud computing games. But this in itself doesn't make sense, because cloud computing games make up 5% of the total market share. So realistically, Microsoft isn't really breaking anti trust laws with regards to the gaming industry.  To take my faith in microsoft being able to acquire activision blizzard one step further. Microsoft has already pledged to not monopolize many of the flagship AAA games of activision blizzard so that this acquisition can go through. They have cut a deal with nintendo to license out the famous Call of Duty series for 10 years in the future.   With this in mind, I believe that microsoft has the resolve and resources to eventually acquire activision blizzard.  *** So the way I look at is that Activision Blizzard seems to me at least, to be a pretty good investment in the medium term (couple of months til their Q2 earnings report), as well as potentially a long term gold mine with Microsoft potentially acquiring the company at a higher valuation.  Once again, I stress I am not a financial expert, I'm not going to pretend to be one. I'm just someone who has been following activision blizzard's products for years, someone who is trying to learn how to invest.  I might not know much about stocks and investments, but i think I know my stuff when it comes to games.  Anyway yeah, thanks for reading 👍, hope to make some bank for my university education frfr 🤌🤌🏦. Bullish on one of my favourite companies 😃,;,; 2023-05-01 16:33:47]
[Earthquake-at-chatgpt-developer-as-senior-staff-quit-after-sacking-of-boss-sam-altman,;,;  [‘Earthquake’ at ChatGPT developer as senior staff quit after sacking of boss Sam Altman | OpenAI | The Guardian](   &amp;#x200B;  Hopefully it will cause a sell off in Microsoft, so I can buy calls on the dip :)  p.s. Microsoft are an investor in OpenAI for those who don't know,;,; 2023-11-18 19:37:10]
[DOCU is fukt,;,; I said this several months ago when it was trading in the 60s, now below 50.  I think Docusign is still wildly overvalued.  No moat.  Zero.  What they do is not special at all.  And they have increasing competition from basically everyone because it's just a fucking secure document signature system.  Microsoft now developing competition, Adobe already has it, and just saw Google and Dropbox are now both working on competing products.  This is going to be a free add-on for nearly any tech product - Adobe already offering a superior product bundled for free.  This is going to be a free feature in Microsoft Word, Google, and Adobe within a year and no one is going to be paying Docusign to use their product that's also terrible to use.  Over 7,000 employees?  To do what?  Over $500M in operating expenses reported last quarter?    I'm own and am continuing to buy Jan 2024 $50 puts.  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-08-23 23:29:50]
[Top 10 S&amp;P 500 companies by market cap weighting since 1980. MSFT is the reining champ for persistence.,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-09 15:16:18]
[Sold long dated covered calls for a company being acquired. Am I fucked or did I find free money loophole?,;,; Sold Activision $95 call for Jan 24. What will happen to it if the Microsoft deal goes through?  Sold a covered call for ACTI 95 call for a premium of some 200 USD with expiry in Jan 24. What happens when the Microsoft deal goes though? Microsoft is valuing each stock at $95 and it is supposed to be done by the expiry.   Does that mean the moment deal is approved by regulators the price of the call will plummet allowing me to buy it back? Or will it increase and then somehow in January 24 I’m going to have to sell someone a non existent stock at $95 per stock value.   Why were the calls valued at $200+ to begin with given the deal is about to go through?,;,; 2023-04-06 08:42:05]
[Since so many regards couldn’t figure out what they were looking at Friday I used a 🖍️ this time. MSFT 420.69 @ 4:20.,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-11 17:29:43]
[NVDA is Worth $1000+ This Year - AI Will Be The Largest Wealth Transfer In The History of The World - Sam Altman Wasn't Joking...,;,; **UPDATE2: Open AI Release Massive Update SORA Text/Speech to Video**   [  [  **UPDATE: Sam Altman Tells the World (literally** [The World Governments Summit]( that** [GPT-5 Is Going To Be a Big Deal]( **- GPT-5 Will Be Smarter Across The Board - Serious AGI in 5 - 10 Years.**  **THIS IS WAR - And Nvidia is the United States Military Industrial Complex, The Mongol Empire, and Roma combined.**  AI will be as large as the internet and then it will surpass it. AI is the internet plus the ability to reason and analyze anything you give it in fractions of a second. A new unequivocal boomstick to whomever wants to use it.  The true winners will be those startups in fields such as robotics, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, space-aeronautics, aviation, protein synthesis, new materials and so, so much more who will use AI in new and exciting ways.  Boston dynamics, set to boom. Self-driving robotaxis, set to boom. Flying taxis, set to boom. Job replacement/automation for legacy industry jobs white collar, set to boom. Personal AI agents for your individual workloads, booming. Healthcare change as we know it (doctors won't like this but too bad), set to boom.  The amount of industry that is set to shift and mutate and emerge from AI in the next 3 - 5 years will be astonishing.  I can tell you, standing on principal, that OpenAI's next release will be so game changing that nobody will deny where AI is heading. There is not a rock you can hide under to be so oblivious as to not see where this is going.  The reason why I bring up the next iteration of ChatGPT, GPT5, is because they are initiators of this phenomenon. Other, such as Google (and others) are furiously trying to catch up but as of today the 'MOAT' may be upon us.  The reason to believe that one may catch up (or try like hell to) is from the amount of compute power from GPU's it takes to train an ungodly amount of data. Trillions of data points. Billions (soon to be Trillions) of parameters all simulating that of the synaptic neuron connections in which the human brain functions that in turn gives us the spark of life and consciousness. Make no mistake, these guys are living out a present day Manhattan project.  These people are trying to build consciousness agency with the all the world's information as a reference document at it's finger tips. Today.  And guess what. The only way these guys can build that thing - That AGI/ASI/GAI reality - Is through Nvidia.  These guys believe and have tested that if you throw MORE compute at the problem it actually GAINS function. More compute equals more consciousness. That's what these people believe and they're attempting it.  Here, let me show you what I mean. What the graph below shows is that over time the amount of data and parameters that are being used to train an AI model. I implore you to watch this video as it is a great easy to understand educational video into what the hell is going on with all of this AI stuff. It's a little technical but very informative and there are varying opinions. I pulled out the very best part in relation to Nvidia here. [AI: Grappling with a New Kind of Intelligence](    It's SO RIDICULOUS that you wouldn't be able to continue to see the beginning so they have to use a log plot chart. And as you see we are heading into Trillions of parameters. For reference GPT-4 was trained on roughly 200 billion parameters.    It is estimated GPT-5 will be trained with 2-5 trillion parameters.  Sam Altman was dead ass serious when he is inquiring about obtaining $7 trillion for chip development. They believe that with enough compute they can create GOD.  So what's the response from Google, Meta and others. Well, they're forming "AI ""Alliances""". Along with that they are going to and buying from the largest AI arms dealer on earth; Nvidia.  Nvidia is a common day AI Industrial Complex War machine.  **Sovereign AI with AI Foundries**  It's not just companies that are looking to compete it's also entire Nation States. Remember, when Italy banned GPT. Well, it turns out, countries don't want the United States building and implementing their AI into other country's culture and way of life.  So as of today, you have a battle of not just corporate America but entire countries looking to buy the bullets, tanks and missiles needed for this AI fight. Nvidia sells the absolute best bullets, the best guns, the best ammo one needs to attempt to create their own AI epicenters.  And it's so important that it is a national security risk to not just us the United States but to be a nation and not have the capability of AI.  Remember the leak about Q\* and a certain encryption being undone. You don't think heads of State where listening to that. Whether it was true or not it is now an imperative that you get with AI or get left behind. That goes just as much for a nation as it does for you as an individual.  When asked about the risk of losing out sales to China on Nvidia's last earnings call Jensen Huang clearly stated he was not worried about it because literally nations are coming online to build AI foundries.  **Nvidia's Numbers and The Power Of Compounding**  The power of compounding and why I think there share price is where it is today and has so much more room to grow. Let me ask you a question but first let me say that AWS's annual revenues are at \~$80/Y Billion. How long do you think with Nvidia's revenues of \~$18/Q Billion to reach or eclipse AWS at a 250% growth rate?  15 years? 10 Years? 5 years? Answer: 1.19 years. Ok let's not be ridiculous perhaps it's 200% instead.  5 years? Nope. 1.35 years.  Let's say they have a bad quarter and Italy doesn't pay up. 150%  5 years right? Nope. 1.62 years.  Come on they can't keep this up. 100%.  has to be 5 years this time. Nope. 2.15 years.  100% growth/2.15 years to 250% growth/1.19 years to reach 80 billion in annual revenues.  They're growth last year was 281%.  So wait, I wasn't being fair. I used $80 billion for AWS while their revenues last year where $88 Billion and Nvidia's last years 4 quarters where \~$33 Billion.  Here are those growth numbers it would take Nvidia to reach $88 billion.  At 279% =  0.73 years  At 250% = 0.78 years  At 200% = 0.89 years  at 100% = 1.41 years  Folks. That's JUST the data center. They are poised to surpass AWS, Azure and Google Cloud in about .73 to 1.5 years. Yes, you heard that right, your daddy's cloud company is about to be overtaken by your son's gaming GPU company.  When people say Nvidia is undervalued. This is what they are talking about. This is a P/S story not a P/E story.  [https:\/\/ycharts.com\/indicators\/nvidia\_corp\_nvda\_data\_center\_revenue\_quarterly](  This isn't a stonk price. This is just Nvidia executing ferociously.  |**Date**|**Value**| |:-|:-| |October 29, 2023|14.51B| |July 31, 2023|10.32B| |April 30, 2023|4.284B| |January 29, 2023|3.616B|  This isn't Y2k and the AI "dot-com" bubble. **This is a reckoning.** This is the largest transfer of wealth the world has ever seen.  Look at the graph. Look at the growth. That's all before the next iteration of GPT-5 has even been announced.  I will tell you personally. The things that will be built with GPT-5 will truly be mind blowing. That Jetson cartoon some of you may have watched as a kid will finally be a reality coming to you soon in 2024/2025/2026.  The foundation of work being laid now is only the beginning. There will be winners and there will be loser but as of today:  **$NVDA** is fucking **KING**  For those of you who still just don't believe or are thinking this has to end sometimes. Or fucking Cramer who keeps saying be careful and take some money out and on and on. Think about this.  It costs you to just open an enterprise Nvidia data center account \~$50k via a "limited time offer"  &gt;DATA CENTER NEWS. Subscribe. Get the Latest from NVIDIA on Data Center. LIMITED *TIME OFFER: $49,900 ON NVIDIA DGX STATION*. For a limited time only, purchase a ...  To train a model a major LLM could cost millions who knows maybe for the largest model runs BILLIONS.  Everyone is using them from Nation States to AWS, Microsoft, Meta, Google, X. Everybody is using them.  I get it. The price of the stock being so high and the valuation makes you pause. The price is purely psychological especially when they are hitting so many data points regarding revenues. The stock will split and rightly so (perhaps next year) but make not mistake this company is firing on ALL cylinders. The are executing S Tier. Fucking Max 9000 MX9+ Tier. Some god level tier ok.  There will be shit money that hits this quarter with all the puts and calls. The stock may rescind this quarter who knows. All i'm saying is you have the opportunity to buy into one of the most prolific tech companies the world has ever known. You may not think of them as the Apples or the Amazons or the Microsoft's or the Google's and that's ok. Just know that they are 1000% percent legit and AI has just gotten started.  Position: 33% of my portfolio. Another 33% in$Arm. Why? Because What trains on Nvidia will ultimately run/inference on ARM. And 33% Microsoft (OAI light).  If OpenAI came out today public I would have %50 of my portfolio in OAI i'll tell you that.  This is something you should have and should own in your portfolio. It's up to you to decide how much. When you can pay your children's college. When you can finally get that downpayment on that dream house. When you can buy that dream car you've always wanted. Feel free to drop a thank you.  TLDR; BUY NVIDIA, SMCI and ARM. This is not financial advice. The contents of this advertisement where paid by the following... ARM (;),;,; 2024-02-14 05:10:49]
[Give it to me straight..,;,; No sugarcoating, no hopium, just honesty: Is there any way that all of the brokers glitched up and showed the WRONG results for MSFT? Like maybe instead of going down the price was actually going up but there was a bug in the algorithm? Or maybe the MM’s fucked up? Any chance that the market can completely reverse itself by 9:30 AM tomorrow? And what are the odds that MSFT can announce Windows 12 and put this all behind?     It’s gotta be like 50/50. No fucking way in hell Microsoft opens this low tomorrow. Wanna hear your thoughts.,;,; 2023-07-25 23:42:42]
[C3 AI will it bounced back?,;,; so I know, C3 AI has partnered with Microsoft to integrate their AI technology with Microsoft's cloud platform, Azure. This partnership allows C3 AI to leverage Azure's NLP capabilities, such as Azure Cognitive Services, to enhance their AI offerings. Azure Cognitive Services includes various NLP services, including language understanding, sentiment analysis, and text analytics, which can be used to power chatbots and other conversational AI solutions.  C3 AI has also partnered with another company called Baker Hughes, which offers an AI-powered chatbot solution for the oil and gas industry. The chatbot, called BHC3 AI Suite Chat, uses NLP and other AI techniques to help oil and gas companies manage their operations more efficiently.,;,; 2023-04-07 16:31:16]
[With AI evolving daily, where are you placing your bets?,;,; AI is replacing more jobs daily. People think it won't replace programmers, but in 6 months or sooner, we'll see Microsoft integrate this into Visual studio and have AI probably write and manage full programming projects.  Artists are already getting replaced worldwide thanks to AI. Most of the tech companies will have to have massive layoffs sooner than later to accommodate this.  What are we all betting on in the markets?,;,; 2023-04-21 23:24:17]
[Ultimate Nvidia DD (The Best),;,; First things first: This deep dive isn't about Nvidia's next earnings call or the coming few months. We're zooming out here, looking at Nvidia from a mid to long-term investment lens.      It seemed to me like common knowledge that Nvidia's future valuation is way overvalued, yet it turns out many are still in the dark.   No, betting against Nvidia doesn't mean you're anti-AI. It means you're skeptical about Nvidia's monopolistic hype in the AI space.  First, let's start with the obvious. How has the value of Nvidia, which previously generated half of its revenue from games, skyrocketed recently?  You could say it’s because of AI. But that can easily be misunderstood.   It would be much better to say: It's because of ChatGPT.  AI-focused development started a long, long time ago. Yes, AI is the future, but your neighbor doesn't believe you because he believes that only humans can solve certain tasks.  How did the general public attitude shift towards a complete AI-Hype?   Because a new product came onto the market with many great Breakthroughs. But it’s not just any Product. It’s a Product that is easy to understand, easy to use by everybody and FOR everybody.   An AI Product that Businesses AND Consumers can understand.  This General public attention has made OpenAI so important, it changed from OPENAI to CLOSEDAI and is now profit oriented (look up their background story).  This general public attention has caused every other company investing in AI to release their unfinished product to market. That's how we got Bard from Google. That's how we got these Donald Trump AI images because companies didn't even bother to invest time in developing better security filters. They had to release their product NOW.  They gave a shit about errors in their product or high costs. They had to be FIRST, or at least not late to the party.  How did Meta train LLama? With NVIDIA gpus. Same as Microsoft/Openai and everybody else.  Why did they Choose NVIDIA? I wrote an analogy about this in a comment (which I'm copying into this DD). But first, consider these important facts:  \- Nvidia is a fabless company. Their stock market value is not covered by material equivalents, their capital consists of the intellectual output of their employees  \- Nearly nobody can replace/compete with TSMC (Intel is trying to)  \- Every major company that has invested in NVIDIA has announced that they are working on their own custom chips (this will also improve performance since the chip is designed FOR their specific AI development)  \- Nvidia is currently winning with a product that they sell to other companies. It's not a product that they sell to retail customers  The Analogy:  „Private customers want tables and other furniture made of wood. The companies that make this furniture need an axe to cut down trees (wood).  TSMC can be described as the trees. Nvidia sells an axe that can be used to cut down trees.  The TSMC trees are a special kind of trees. They are more robust than other trees, but at the same time you have to be careful when you cut them down because they can break.  At the moment, everyone wants furniture made from these special trees because they are better than ordinary furniture, they look better and they are robust. You could say they are the future of furniture.  Nvidia currently sells an axe that was invented for similar trees, and that also seems to be the best axe on the market for the TSMC trees.  Everyone is stocking up on equipment and buying Nvidia axes. But there are 2 problems: Nvidia axes are really good for cutting down these trees, but not perfect. Also, Nvidia axes are quite expensive because they currently dominate the market.  What is happening now is that companies are developing their own axes to save money and optimize the tree cutting process.  Does this mean that Nvidia will no longer optimize its axes and lose all market share? No. Does this mean that Nvidia might be overvalued and not the only go-to company for these axes? Could this mean that they won't quadruple their profits every year? Yes.“        \----  NVIDIA made a design available at a specific time frame where companies invested heavily in gpu chips to train AIs. The Design Nvidia delivered was the best performing at the market. But it is not the best design. Training LLMs would have been better with customized chips. But designing chips takes some time, at least 1-2 years. So what did companies like Microsoft/OpenAi, Meta and Google do? Train their LLMs on Nvidia Chips.  Someone said to me that NVIDIA is future proof because designing chips is not easy and that’s their moat. This tells me that the person doesn’t know the process behind chip production. We can even look at each company involved here and get a simple, clear picture.  NVIDIA does NOT produce chips. They „only“ design them.  Which company produces NVIDIAs Chips? It’s TSMC.   TSMC by the way also produces Chips for AMD. And for Apple.  So there is one specific major company that produces chips for every big „Chip Design Company“. Why are they all using this single company that could (will) be attacked by China one day and disrupt their entire supply chain? Because THAT is the really difficult “moat” part with AI chips. This company is the only one truly relevant for AI growth. Anyone can design chips, but only one company can make them.  There are of course small exceptions. Some companies design AND produce their own chips. And we have to look at them. Not to invest in them, but to better understand why Nvidia doesn't have future moat.  So which famous company produces their own Chips? Intel.   Do you know why Intel lost so much market share to AMD?   This is the reason. Because they produce their own chips. Not because of the design.  Building a chip factory is a highly complex, highly expensive matter and takes years. Intel was slower than the competition. They were stuck with the old NM production processes and couldn't get their new systems up and running fast enough.  AMD was winning market share because TSMC produces their Chips.  Intel now changed their strategy. They now let their competitor, TSMC, produce their chips so they can stay in the market. In the meantime they’re building new chip factories and want to swap to their own production again.  According to estimates, Intel will pay TSMC 14 billion US dollars over the next two years - for 3-nanometer chips.  Now, you might argue that chip design is still difficult and believe that NVIDIA will be the future for all AI chip designs - despite every major AI Company literally saying they will design their own chips?!  Ok, here is an example where a famous company used primarily Nvidia chips but stopped doing so:  „However, in 2010, **Apple** made a significant decision that would alter its GPU trajectory. The company began developing its own graphics technology, resulting in the creation of the Metal framework. Metal allowed developers to access the full power of Apple’s GPUs, optimizing performance and efficiency. This move signaled a shift away from Nvidia’s GPUs, as Apple sought to establish greater control over its hardware and software integration.  Since then, Apple has predominantly relied on its in-house GPU solutions, including those integrated into its A-series chips found in iPhones and iPads. These custom-designed GPUs have showcased impressive performance and power efficiency, further solidifying Apple’s commitment to developing its own graphics technology.“ ([Does Apple use Nvidia? (ts2.com.pl)](  Because you are all regarded, here are the links where major companies have declared that they will design their own chips:  Microsoft: [Microsoft is finally making custom chips — and they’re all about AI - The Verge](  Meta: [Exclusive: Meta to deploy in-house custom chips this year to power AI drive - memo | Reuters](  Google: [Google Training Gemini On Its Own Chips Reveals Another Of Its Advantages (forbes.com)](  ChatGPT: [Exclusive: ChatGPT-owner OpenAI is exploring making its own AI chips | Reuters](  In the meantime, Meta and Microsoft say they will buy AMDS new AI Chip as an alternative to Nvidia: [Meta and Microsoft to buy AMD's new AI chip as alternative to Nvidia (cnbc.com)](  Since I feel so validated by the links above, I'll stop writing my DD, which would have additionally dealt with NVIDIA's past as a company (acquisitions) and the tricks to gain advantage in the consumer graphics card market (Raytracing, PhysiX).,;,; 2024-02-16 17:38:58]
[$PLTR only needs one successful story,;,; Commercial partners love palantir's AIP,  Coles Supermarket just made a deal to integrate AIP  [  &gt;The announcement is [linked]( to Coles’ plan to save a billion dollars over the next four years, and follows a 2019 [big data deal with Microsoft]( an effort to build [robotic delivery centres]( and the introduction of [customer-tracking cameras]( and other high-tech security measures.  &amp;#x200B;  Coles problem:  Coles 'makes just $2.60 for every $100 you spend'  [  If Palantir is successful and manages to help Cole retain another 1B, I have no doubts many more big players and not just in retail will flock to palantir.  Now there's another field AIP is getting it's toes: [  Football fast decision, Palantir just needs one successful story about a team that used Palantir and won praising the software many will flock to it.  This is the AI we've been promissed LLMs are nothing if their only purpose is to answer us, Palantir is abstracting complex data and software it's helping it's users navigate a complex environment.  These last few months everybody has been focused on the "shovels" companies NVDA AMD, and plus 1T dollar big tech.  But Palantir is the OG of AI and it's years ahead with it's software, their focus is to companies be more profitable and while at it they will gather tons of data, important data that facebook apple and amazon don't have because they don't deal with internal data of other companies operations they only have end user data.  If you want to invest in shovels, remember it's not only the chips that are shovels it's also the data. No data no training data for the AI model  &amp;#x200B;  Edit: Plus you have the bonus of being added to the SP500 and all the ETFs pressure to include it one day,;,; 2024-02-08 09:33:48]
[The OpenAI Exit Was Planned Years Ago You Idiots That Fell For The Smoke Show,;,; Sam never had an equity stake in the company and used that as leverage to build a loyal following creating an us versus the world culture that was carefully executed to exit OpenAI and start a new venture with a new equity structure where everyone gets a taste.  The board effectively had no control since the beginning and were essentially kept in the dark on many projects such as Sam setting up external AI infrastructure businesses to feed into the system when they decided to exit.  He used OpenAI as a training/weed out program on their dime to build a rockstar team with the promise of significant equity stakes in the new venture.   This was planned years earlier with Microsoft so they could prep for the transition and ramp up quickly with minimal downtown.  The board fucking clueless the entire time thought they were in complete control and that Sam was checked out and losing confidence with his team which was all coming from a small team of board supporting degenerates who weren’t going to make the cut anyway.   In 24 hours the board realized they were played like a fiddle flawlessly in the biggest coup ever pulled off in history.   Sam deserves an Oscar for his performance.,;,; 2023-11-20 22:20:29]
[Could the Next Killer Device in 2024 be HER!,;,; Sam Altman is rumored to be creating an AI device with Jony Ive. Satya said his one regret was mobile. With advancements in AI a personal AI is now in reach. Could a device like HER be possible?   [  Who's in better position to capitalize on it? Apple or Microsoft?   I think unfortunately there is no way Sam is going to win this one over Microsoft but potentially he could. But, I think Siri and Clippy may have an AI device battle here.   The pin recently launched is literally heading right here. Even the little projector is super cool. Can you imagine what might come next with something even more robust?   [  2024 could bring some really interesting hardware things.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-11-25 01:45:08]
[[DD] On $PLTR and $AI - It's over folks - Your AI Will Come From the Faucet - The Big 5 Have Spoken,;,; I'm sorry but there will be casualties from OpenAI and these 2 stocks, PLTR and AI are just not going to be able to compete with the Big-5AI groups. Microsoft/OpenAI, Google, Meta, Anthropic/AWS, Apple are too much weight to bear. OAI &amp; Microsoft having the best products bar none today (opinion but impossible to argue I would add).  In the height of this tech driven market PLTR is down 16% and AI/C3 is down almost 20%. I sold out of my little baby positions today. I'm not going to watch the market storm higher and all the mean while they're losing market share.  [I accidentally wrote a DD on this (meaning, it wasn't my intention)]( and I wasn't really trying to and got commented that it was effectively DD. Well, it is and it's not pretty. I was writing a paper on how AI researchers, obviously outside of the Big-5AI are not really in tune with the absolute STORM that is coming the next 2 years relating to AI.  General AI itself will kill out the need for boutique AI and that is what C3 and Palantir are - boutique AI services.  I thought Palantir was more moated in this because of their government contracts but literally I had a military person write in those wild and crazy comments that they (the military) is now looking at using OAI and that she was happy to read through the understanding of how this is all working/playing out.  Meaning, yeah the military wants to use the best AI tools too. Duh.  Low and behold, days later, these reports start coming out.  [  [  [  So, yeah. I guess it was DD that I was writing up after all. It's a long read but towards the end you will get the point.  You WILL get AI from the faucet. The faucet provided by the Big-5AI. Most notably, OAI &amp; Microsoft. As it stands today.  [ 2024-01-19 17:23:20]
[Is Roundhill Magnificent Seven ETF ($MAGS) Worth investing in?,;,; **Is Roundhill Magnificent Seven ETF ($MAGS) Worth investing in?**  Currently at 33.61$ - 778.99M Market Cap.  &gt;United States Treasury Bills - 57.47%   &gt;   &gt;Amazon - 9.08   &gt;   &gt;Microsoft Corp - 9.05   &gt;   &gt;Apple - 9.00   &gt;   &gt;Nvidia - 8.70   &gt;   &gt;Meta - 8.50   &gt;   &gt;Tesla - 7.91   &gt;   &gt;Alphabet Inc - 7.73   &gt;   &gt;Amazon - 6.05   &gt;   &gt;Microsoft - 6.04  The thing that throws me off is **"United States Treasury Bills - 57.47%"**, What does that consist of? I don't want to invest really into the government, I thought the stock would just consist of just pure stocks not 57% being government bills. Can anyone tell me more about this and is it better than $SPY? It seems super low cap and possibly promising for huge future growth. ,;,; 2023-12-18 20:29:11]
[Nvidia chases $30 billion custom chip market with new unit,;,; Nvidia NVDA  is building a new business unit focused on designing bespoke chips for  cloud computing firms and others, including advanced artificial  intelligence processors, according to nine sources familiar with the  company's plans.  The dominant global designer and  supplier of AI chips aims to capture a portion of an exploding market  for custom AI chips and to protect itself from the growing number of  companies interested in finding alternatives to its products.  The  Santa Clara, California-based company currently controls about 80% of  the market for high-end AI chips, a position that has sent its market  value up 40% so far this year to $1.73 trillion after it more than  tripled in 2023.  Its customers, which include ChatGPT creator OpenAI, Microsoft MSFT, Alphabet GOOG and Meta Platforms META, have raced to snap up the dwindling supply of Nvidia chips to compete in the rapidly emerging generative AI sector.  Nvidia's  H100 and A100 chips serve as a generalized, all-purpose AI processor  for many of those major customers. But the tech companies have started  to develop their own internal chips for specific needs. Doing so helps  reduce energy consumption, and potentially can shrink the cost and time  to design.  Nvidia is now attempting to play a role in  helping these companies develop custom AI chips that have flowed to  rival firms such as Broadcom AVGO and Marvell Technology MRVL, according to the sources who declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly.  "If  you're really trying to optimize on things like power, or optimize on  cost for your application, you can't afford to go drop an H100 or A100  in there," Greg Reichow, general partner at venture capital firm Eclipse  Ventures said in an interview. "You want to have the exact right  mixture of compute and just the kind of compute that you need."  Nvidia does not disclose H100 prices, which are higher than for the  prior-generation A100, but each chip can sell from $16,000 to $100,000  depending on the volume purchased and other factors. Meta has said it  plans to bring its total stock to 350,000 H100s this year.  Nvidia officials have met with representatives from Amazon .com AMZN,  Meta, Microsoft, Google and OpenAI to discuss making custom chips for  them, according to two sources familiar with the meetings. Beyond data  center chips, the company has pursued telecom, automotive and video game  customers.  In 2022, Nvidia said it would let  third-party customers integrate some of its proprietary networking  technology with their own chips. The company has said nothing about the  program since, and Reuters is reporting its wider ambitions for the  first time.  A Nvidia spokesperson declined to comment beyond the company's 2022 announcement.  Dina McKinney, a former Advanced Micro Devices AMD  and Marvell executive, heads Nvidia's custom unit and her team's goal  is to make its technology available for customers in cloud, 5G wireless,  video games and automotives, according to a LinkedIn profile. Those  mentions were scrubbed and her title was changed after Reuters sought  comment from Nvidia.  Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Meta and OpenAI declined to comment.  $30 BILLION MARKET  According  to estimates from research firm 650 Group’s Alan Weckel, the data  center custom chip market will grow to as much as $10 billion this year,  and double that in 2025.  The broader custom chip market  was worth roughly $30 billion in 2023, which amounts to roughly 5% of  annual global chip sales, according to Needham analyst Charles Shi.  Currently, custom silicon design for data centers is dominated by Broadcom and Marvell.  In  a typical arrangement, a design partner such as Nvidia would offer  intellectual property and technology, but leave the chip fabrication,  packaging and additional steps to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.  2330 or another contract chip manufacturer.  Nvidia moving into this territory has the potential to eat into Broadcom and Marvell sales.  "With  Broadcom's custom silicon business touching $10 billion, and Marvell’s  around $2 billion, this is a real threat," said Dylan Patel, founder of  the silicon research group SemiAnalysis. "It's a real big negative -  there's more competition entering the fray."  BEYOND AI  Nvidia is in talks with telecom infrastructure builder Ericsson 61QS  for a wireless chip that includes the chip designer's graphics  processing unit (GPU) technology, according to two sources familiar with  the talks.  650 Group's Weckle expects the telecom custom chip market to remain flat at roughly $4 billion to $5 billion a year.  Ericsson declined to comment.  Nvidia also plans to target the automotive and video game markets, according to sources and public social media postings.  Weckel  expects the custom auto market to grow consistently from its current $6  billion to $8 billion range at 20% a year, and the $7 billion to $8  billion video game custom chip market could increase with the  next-generation consoles from Xbox and Sony 6857.  Nintendo’s  current Switch handheld console already includes an Nvidia chip, the  Tegra X1. A new version of the Switch console expected this year is  likely to include a Nvidia custom design, according to one source.  Nintendo declined to comment.  &amp;#x200B;  \- Reuters,;,; 2024-02-09 13:25:56]
[Who's got the biggest???,;,; Well, I don't know how many of you noticed but you all should have:   AAPL mkt cap is currently 2.951 T/USD  ([   MSFT mkt cap is currently 2.817 T/USD ([  Now obviously it's not just a regular competition between 2 big companies. That's the biggest competition in the world.    Now this showdown can go either way, though I have real doubt about MSFT capability to steal the crown. In the words of the great Buffet - They simply don't have a big enough moat.     Strategically speaking  - something's gonna break. If we believe AAPL gonna keep the title, either MSFT gonna drop back to \~2.6T or AAPL rally to \~3.2T to open a gap.     what you guys think?,;,; 2023-11-29 17:59:23]
[$ARM=All this stupid talk that Softbank is gonna dump is WRONG. This is softbanks Sees Candies/WarrenBuffetStyle. PT 65-70+ coming, why?....,;,; Read this VERY carefully and you tell me Softbank is gonna sell(this happened in September, IPO time):  "SoftBank, which had owned 75% of Arm, agreed to buy the remaining 25% from its $100 billion Vision Fund at a $64 billion valuation last month.  That decision came because SoftBank was concerned that the Vision Fund remaining an investor would weigh on Arm's shares after the IPO, given that it would be seeking to cash out quickly, the sources said."  So yeah clowns,..... and no Chano's Children .... Softbank ain't selling 'SHEEITTT'.....  LINK: [  If you can't open link above due to it being behind a limited free views paywall, I took a screen shot for you.  &amp;#x200B;    and here's why ....  PT 65-70+ upgrades on NVDIA's INSANE EARNINGS. Those fancy smancy Chips MSFT anounced that other day? guess what IP architecture they'll be using? =.... ARM.$ARM will be the new/next $NVDA. That new Chip $MSFT is going to use? is $ARM based. ALL of NVIDIA's CHIPS rests on $ARM architecture. ALL OF $APPL INTERNAL CHIP DESIGNS ARE $ARM based. $GOOGL and $AMZN QUALCOM ALL USE $ARM, $TSLA USES ARM.  EVEN  INTEL IS BENDING THE KNEE, more below and link to article.  NVDA and AMD are going to start making PC chips, that are ARM BASED: Do you fools understand the massive revenues and royalties that will rain into ARM's COFFERS???  Listen to me very very carefully. AMD, NOW uses x64 Architecture for their PC chips. AMD is going to DUMP X64 and SWITCH entirely to ARM. Why? They see Apples insane monster compute to power consumption ratio, is untouchable.  ARM use to be just mobile. NOW?? They will run the ENTIRE computer gamut, from Mobile, to PC, to Internet of Things to SERVER DATA FARMS, ie : AI and everything in between. INTEL is COOKED, unless they pull a rabbit out of their ass and get super creative, they will need to cave and be an ARM slave as well.... maybe they(INTC) get bought out by NVDA or AMD.  More on NVDA and AMD becoming CPU ARM chip makers:[  This isn't hypotethical, this is ALREADY happening and IS GOING TO HAPPEN.  Verge Article:  "Nvidia and AMD are both reportedly planning to launch Arm-based CPUs for Windows-based PCs. [*Reuters* reports]( that Nvidia has started designing Arm-based CPUs in what could be a major expansion of Microsoft’s Windows on Arm work. Nvidia and AMD could both be ready with PC chips as soon as 2025, according to *Reuters*. "  More from Excerpt from Verge Article:  "Microsoft has also been rumored to be working on its own Arm-based chips for servers and potentially even Surface devices. We haven’t seen that materialize yet, with the Windows maker co-engineering an Arm-based SQ1 processor with Qualcomm for the Surface Pro X and a SQ2 variant. AMD also worked with Microsoft to create a custom version of its Ryzen processor for the Surface Laptop 3, and is reportedly [working with Microsoft on AI chips]( "  Link:  [Nvidia and AMD plan to launch Arm PC chips as soon as 2025, Reuters reports - The Verge](  Intel has bent the knee and going ARM as well:  [  &amp;#x200B;  A little history on ARM:  "Arm was founded in 1990 by 12 chip designers working out of a turkey barn in Cambridge. It was originally a joint venture between Apple, Acorn Computers, and VLSI, which is now part of [NXP]( "  [  Load the truck and hold long. Buy on dips is my recommendation. Buy Commons and buy LONG calls into 2025 or 2026. I have December calls into 65-75 pt. I bought 90 pt for 2025 and I have Commons.  Your welcome. your grandchildren will thank me. Granpa constructiontimeagnn protecting lil yungyuns futures. Bettr than Social Security, cuz that aint happening for our generation. LOL..  ARM for the win kids. ; )  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-11-28 06:09:24]
[Amazon Earnings: The Boomer Play that Could Print 🚀💰,;,; Alright, buckle up degenerates, here comes Amazon's earnings rollercoaster. Is this the meme stock of the month? Nah, but it could be the boomer play that prints. Let's break it down. 🚀 Amazon is set to report earnings today, the company's had massive earnings growth this year, beating EPS estimates by 44% and 89% in the last two quarters, respectively. Today, the quarterly earnings are expected to come in at an EPS of $0.60 on $141.5 billion in revenue. $127.1 billion the previous year.  Jeff Bezos might've shot himself into space, but his money-making behemoth stays grounded on Earth. The company is doing well with amazon shares are up 42% this year, topping the Nasdaq’s 23% gain. So, the big question: YOLO some calls for earnings or nah? After Amazon’s growth slowed dramatically last year due to rising inflation and economic concerns, expansion has ticked up a bit in 2022, though it’s still weaker than usual for the company. Amazon’s retail business is expected to show some improvement from consumers tepidly resuming discretionary spending.   Analysts are expecting growth of 11% in the third quarter, marking a slight acceleration from the past couple quarters. E-commerce sales boomed during the pandemic, then slowed as shoppers returned to physical stores. I'll be focused on the results of Amazon's Prime Big Deals Days event, as well as guidance for consumer spending during the holidays.  **Cloud Computing**  Being the world's largest cloud provider and a significant profit driver for amazon (nearly 70%), all eyes will be on Amazon Web Services (AWS).   Amazon’s cloud computing business is a concern for a lot of people in wall street, as growth in AWS has been slowing in recent quarters. Google just reported earnings and one of its misses was in the cloud revenue department—could this mean that AWS is taking more of the lion's share. However, you'd think the frenzy around generative artificial intelligence is leading to bigger workloads in the cloud, which should be a boon for AWS and its rival public cloud vendors. Looking at Microsoft (MSFT), sales in their Azure cloud unit grew 29%, faster than the 26% expected by analysts. This is considered bitter sweet as this could be eating into AWS' market share.   I expect stable AWS revenue, but want to know more about higher energy costs and rising competition. They currently hold a 40% share of the cloud services market last year, compared to Microsoft's 21.5% and Google's 7.5%.  **Ads**  Let's talk ads. Amazon's ad sales are right up there with Alphabet (GOOG) and Meta (META), so it will be interesting to see how it fared this quarter. One of Amazon's fastest-growing business sectors. Alphabet beat ad-sales estimates by almost $1 billion this quarter and Amazon will look to report similar success.  **AI**  Microsoft has OpenAI, we all know this. Amazon wanted in on the AI space and and in Sept announcing a deal to invest up to $4 billion in OpenAI competitor Anthropic. Additionally, in April, Amazon launched Amazon Bedrock, a service that allows users of Amazon's AWS to create generative AI applications. During the earnings call, I'm interested in hearing if there are any gains from its AI efforts. As mentioned earlier, the rise in AI causes more people to use cloud computing services like AWS.   **What do the experts say?**  BofA Global Research analyst Justin Post mentioned stuff that I've already written up here in a research note, stating that AWS is the Street’s top focus area, with some third-party sources suggesting that demand has decelerated. He's specifically betting on 12.5% growth for AWS, but cautions that a number in the 11% range would likely trigger selling. But further ads that a number above 13% would likely spur the stock higher.  On top of this, Post says aggregated credit and debit card data suggests online spending rose 1% from a year ago in the quarter, a two point acceleration from the June quarter. And he notes that “ad spending checks were also constructive.”  “We see retail upside potential driven by logistics efficiency, ads, fee increases, and easing comps,” Post writes “while we think AWS can accelerate in Q4 with more acceleration in Q1 2024 on an easing optimization cycle and incremental AI demand.” Post keeps his Buy rating and $174 target price on the stock. Mind you, the stock is literally at $118 right now.   **What to do for earnings**  My magic 8-ball says both revenue and EPS could outpace the estimates. Alright Degens, here's the play: I'm grabbing some AMZN 10/27 125c @ 2.04 each.  If Amazon rockets just 7%, those calls are hitting pay dirt. 🚀  Get your war paint on, it’s earnings season. 🎰🔥,;,; 2023-10-26 16:45:48]
[FTC to appeal judge's decision denying injunction against MSFT-ATVI merger,;,; [  Will be a wild ride tomorrow.  It's rare you get so many bites out of the same M&amp;A apple.,;,; 2023-07-13 00:32:13]
[Time to short GOOG and long MSFT? (ChatGPT tech now integrated in windows 11 search bar),;,; I wonder how much search traffic/ad revenue Google will lose thanks to Microsoft bringing chatGPT powered search to Windows 11 search bar.  This was just announced in microsoft blog as of available today with win 11 update….   Will this impact Google’s current quarter?  Next one?   Google is preparing bart, but if people will not even open a browser to start searching, the drop on google search volume might be substantial.   What do you think?  Bought a couple of goog jan 24 50 put to test my thesis.   Source:  2023-03-01 01:36:55]
[NVIDIA will cross 2,000$,;,; NVIDIA is going to cross 2,000$  Listen up regards, today lord Sam 7 trillion Altman of OpenAI released an AI model to send YouTube creators out of business. (Link :  Ok, YouTubers will soon run out of Tendies, how does this mean NVIDIA will reach 2000$ you ask?   Well to see the connection you need to understand a bit of AI. There are 2 big models that currently exist: Transformers and Diffusion. The thing about transformers is that they operate on tokens. For language a bunch of letters together form a token. “ab” can be 1 token, “can” another token and so on. Basically they do not think in terms of single alphabets but actually think in terms of tokens. So OpenAI took 100 million Microsoft bucks, 1 billion+ NVIDIA GPU’s and created ChatGPT that started this AI bull run.   Then came the question how to apply this technique to images. Naively each image generates far more tokens than a thousand word essay and so understanding an image seems extremely inefficient. Transformers will not work, smooth brained critics said. Then Sam Altman pulled the infinite money Microsoft glitch and OpenAI trained a massively large transformer on an ungodly number of GPUs and showed we could perfectly understand images with GPT-4.   “Well ok maybe images work, but this will never work for videos, that would require an insane amount of compute”, smooth brained critics said. It turns out these critics just lacked imagination since Sam Altman proceeded to ask for 7 trillion dollars, more than the GDP of every country except US and China to throw more compute at AI. So when OpenAI says they will just brute force AI, throw trillions of compute at it and achieve AGI you better believe them. They have now come out with a transformer based Video Diffusion model. They never mentioned how big this model is, but it is probably bigger than GPT-4 . GPT-5 which is rumored to be able to understand and answer questions on video, is probably one order of magnitude bigger than GPT-4 and might cost 1 billion + to train. This means the market is still significantly underestimating the demand for NVIDIA chips and NVIDIAs price target should be 2000$ + in coming future.  TLDR; OpenAI’s foray into video using transformers shows there is far more compute they can use to generate even better AI’s. They will probably buy 10X the compute they already bought, from NVIDIA in the coming years in their quest to build AI. NVIDIA will skyrocket as a result.,;,; 2024-02-15 22:12:18]
[The playlist before $MSFT earnings call is kinda nice!,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-30 21:59:30]
[Amazon puts,;,; Who thinks Amazon is gonna crash back down? Also why did it go up randomly after close, according to some people it was because of Microsoft is this true. I still think it’s gonna go down to atleast 100 before, rebound with the way it was today. What do y’all think?,;,; 2023-04-26 00:35:39]
[Are we in a super bubble? An analysis of the magnificent 7,;,; So first we we recognize that 7 stocks are driving all growth. Nvidia Tesla Meta Microsoft Amazon Apple Google  And we can we can see these companies don't all things in common, but they have a few things.  Platform monopolies: Google, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon. These companies all have monopolies and no one cares and can continue to die wherever they want to print money  Risks:  Google lost their app store monopoly lawsuit   Amazon loses money to run an unprofitable retail business to get a monopoly. Everyone else has comparable offerings to AWS.  Meta and Google: these are social media plays. The easiest way to destroy America or influence it's politics is via Facebook, TikTok, and YouTube. Foreign governments and local politicians all dump money into these platforms to cause civil unrest and pollute minds.  Risks: Eventually America might actually fall and social media won't be useful anymore. Alternatively, America will topple the governments of the countries doing this, such as Russia and China. Low risk of either outcome.  Nvidia and Tesla. Enron style financial scams. These companies play financial shell games and provide lines of credit to shell companies and broke customers so they can buy their products on paper and manipulate their product prices upwards. Thankfully, Enron ran for almost a decade before it blew up and these companies have only a few years of shady finances, 5 at most for Telsa and less for Nvidia. They may blow up, but not today and not tomorrow.  Risks: the super profitable Enron schemes blow up sooner for Nvidia and Tesla than they did for Enron and we enter the second dotcom burst.  As we can see, all of the magnificent 7 are going to print money for the foreseeable future, at least another 5-10 years until a radical wins office and does major overalls of the systems that allow these companies to be super profitable.,;,; 2023-12-19 02:59:42]
[NVDA still overvalued and AI wont change the world because its been around a long time. Just another boom bust Cycle.,;,; Everyone thinks adding AI to search is the new big thing. It isnt. IBM has had Watson for a while, nothing really came of it. Amazon has Alexa. Apple has Siri. Microsoft has Cortana. Although ChatGPT is great, its not going to change the world like everyone thinks. On the contrary it might make people less creative.   Social media ruined society, we can all agree on that. AI will contribute to the ruin of society and creativity.  I also think congress will try to regulate AI development and make it not as great as it should be.   Puts on NVDA.   Also there is the China factor. If Chinese troops land on Taiwan those factories are gone, overnight. The risk is too high.,;,; 2023-03-06 22:38:37]
[AI Giants likely to further gain tomorrow?,;,; What are the odds Microsoft/Google/Meta go higher tomorrow? I was expecting Microsoft to mini-moon in sympathy with $NVDA, but it seems it just barely matched the 2-week high.,;,; 2023-05-24 22:20:20]
[Crayon Drawings for Impending Sell Off,;,; After 500mg of caffeine and a 20-minute meditation, I felt particularly "artistic" and decided to doodle on charts with crayons. In this post, I will examine, in my opinion, the seven most important signals of the market: SPX (S&amp;P), QQQ (NASDAQ), IWM (Russel), DIA( Dow Jones), VIX (Volatility Index), AAPL (Apple), and MFST (Microsoft).  Starting off with SPX, we can see that it has broken out of its long-term downtrend MOAT (Mother of all trends) and even broke out of its February down trend. Currently, it appears to be in "no man's land," with the biggest form of resistance coming from the previous high in February. I personally see no reason for SPX to start pushing up above the February high, but if anyone has a reasonable explanation as to why it might, I am all ears. The RSI (Relative strength index) is at 62.58, and, as demonstrated by the white horizontal line, just about every time it gets to this area, it is followed by a significant decline. Looking at the MACD (Moving average convergence divergence), we can see that the histogram is in positive territory as well as the MACD line. However, it appears to be turning over and going to the downside. Keep in mind this is in the daily time frame.  [\[SPX\]](  Next, looking at QQQ, we can see that it is beginning to stall as it is in extremely overbought territory. The MACD line has passed the signal line, and it is CLEAR that downside momentum is beginning. Since QQQ already went above its February high, the next high it would have to overtake is from August of 2022, which is roughly 5% from current prices. I personally do not think this rally makes sense considering the state of AAPL and MSFT which I analyze down below. Together, both stocks comprise roughly a quarter of QQQ.  &amp;#x200B;  [QQQ](  Similar to SPX, DIA has broken through MOAT and it heading toward the February high. However, it is in overbought conditions. I don't see a melt up from here and I think it is about to fall with the rest of the indexes. Maybe it pushes a little higher and then it is in for the reckoning.  &amp;#x200B;  [DIA](  Here's where it gets a bit confusing for me, and any explanation is welcome. IWM looks like it is ready to pop. It is definitely "the canary in the Cole mine". It is oversold and on the MACD, and the looks like it is heading up on the RSI as well. It looks like it has room to run to the upper end of the trend line (shown in yellow). Maybe QQQ and SPX go on to drop while IWM pops but something tells me they are going to move in harmony.  &amp;#x200B;  [\[IWM\]](  The VIX is currently at 17.07. The VIX usually spikes with earnings, which are right around the corner. Additionally, it appears to be forming a bullish divergence.  &amp;#x200B;  [\[VIX\]](  Do I even need to explain? I mean, if you had to take a guess... where do you think it is AAPL is going? AAPL makes up 7.08% of SPX and 12.43% of QQQ.  &amp;#x200B;  [\[AAPL\]](  Finally, looking at Microsoft, it is trading right at its August high, with no catalyst to push it above this point. Microsoft comprises 12.68% of QQQ and 6.2% of SPY.  [MSFT](  In conclusion: everything looks like it is about to sell off. I am extremely bearish. I do not know \*when\* the sell off will begin, but I think it is wise to average into SPXS or SQQQ as current conditions present downside. In light of economic conditions, I find it difficult to believe that we are not going to be experiencing an earnings recession that would serve as a catalyst to the downside coming off of extremely overbought conditions.,;,; 2023-04-16 04:09:03]
[[DD] Arm is the Future of Edge AI with ~7000 Patents and Only More Coming - Risc-V is No Risk but Rather a Welcome Addition,;,; For reference, Cathie Wood just said on CNBC that she hadn't taken a position ("took a point of view") on the stock and that Risc-V will be a disrupter on the space because it is Open Source Software.  While still pusing 2000K TSLA and Robo-Taxis.  To her credit she did say she would take a look at it overnight and I for one welcome that analysis tomorrow. /s  As well, I think Tim Cook said it best when asked about the high price of the Apple Vision Pro. He mic-checked the hell out of anyone who was thinking stupidly about this with a purple eggplant swing - Check out my 5000 patents. And that's the game folks. You can't just come out and say you're making something and NOT worry about those patents.  Nevertheless, people keep mentioning Risc-V and open source. Ok. Welcome. I don't think there is anything wrong with competition. In fact, I think competition is very good for this space. AMD is Nvidia's competition and innovation and progress drives from this and it is good. It's the way it should be. Moreso, the revenues can actually help each other out because that would mean people are coming into the space that need paid for their innovation. Arm can raise prices and so can Risc-V.  Open Source Software does NOT mean FREE.  Open Source Software simply means that this PART is free but everything else like install, consultation, support, expertise, referrals, compute, cloud, data centers will ALL cost you.  It's how open source makes money.  Thankfully the foundations of some Open Source Software technology is well founded for the purpose of making core and important technologies available in a pure Open Source Software way.  * The Linux Foundation * Linux Kernel Development * Apache Software Foundation * Mozilla Foundation * Free Software Foundation * OSI * Google Summer of Code GSoC * Chrome  Just to name a few. These foundations are powered by money from the biggest names in tech and that often are never realized by regular non-tech industry people and more so they sure the hell aren't even thanked by anyone really for doing it.  From individual contributors to  * IBM * Microsoft * Google * ARM * Apple * Oracle * Many Others  All give real dollars to these projects to stay alive and afloat.  However, other Open Source Software goes into the business without great institutional support. Examples of this are even publicly traded companies such as MongoDB.  They give you Open Source Software but they also provide a hand holding version via their cloud business.  Redis is another great example of this but they are not publicly traded.  Other Open Source Software such as Risc-V has other plans of profiting and that is completely OK. I just think the mistake is thinking someone is going to jump in with free software and that is going to kill someone else business.  Remember when Microsoft damn near cried (joking) when Linux arrived? What happened? Well, now Ubuntu is probably the most dominant OS on the planet BECAUSE of all the cloud vendors providing it for cloud compute. You wouldn't realize Linux is the most dominant OS but it is.  With data centers, Android, and you could argue Unix(Apple) is all Linux kernel based.  For this reason Open Source Software is the dominant OS on the planet developed by 1 man. Crazy.  As you see Microsoft sure does well even though the other reality people may not realize is something different.  With all of that there is nothing that prevents ARM using Risc-V as their own architecture IF they actually wanted to. The same as there was nothing stopping Microsoft from using Chrome in their Edge browser. If it makes financial sense they'll do it.  Hardware is HARD. The upward hill climb for Open Source Software to be the exact thing your billion dollar business needs without ANY help/consulting or tooling is NET ZERO. Somewhere in that cycle there is going to be something you pay for. Again, Open Source Software does NOT MEAN FREE.  ARM has a ridiculously LOW royalty rate to boot. It's not like their getting a dollar a phone they're getting PENNIES for all that goodness.  Still there is room for others such as Risc-V.  Lastly, ARMS army of patents is nothing to sleep on and at \~7000 patents is the definition of a MOAT if you ask me and an R&amp;D in the 100's of millions I don't think you're going to get Open Source Software penetrating that for years to come.  Top that off with AI and well you see where this is going...  Cathie - If you're listening - here's your DD now do the right thing.,;,; 2024-02-08 01:32:42]
[Is MSFT about to pop?,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-09 19:52:57]
[$ATVI moon potential,;,; I just want to start by saying what the fuck is going on. Yes Activision and Microsoft had the merger blocked due to the fucking UK courts and yet microsoft is mooning but not activision.  Activision released earnings early  Net income - rose to 740 million from 395 million Activision’s net bookings were $1.86 billion, as compared with $1.48 billion for the first quarter of 2022. In-game net bookings were $1.29 billion, as compared with $1.01 billion for the first quarter of 2022.  Overall Activision Blizzard Monthly Active Users (MAUs)D were 368 million.  They absolutely decimated their earnings and still y’all have not gotten in on this. Even if the merger does not go through Activision will be more than fine on its own.  Addressing the Rumours: Some people seem to think that blizzard will break off from Activision and be sold separately to microsoft the UK AUTHORITIES HAVE ALREADY SAID THAT REMOVING TITLES LIKE COD IS NOT A SOLUTION.  Lastly the latest game in the diablo series is  set to launch soon and bring in nearly $700M. Literally a mfing monster title. So what are you waiting for?,;,; 2023-04-26 18:18:36]
[NVIDIA vs D-Matrix,;,;  Ive read a lot about the exponential growth of Nvidias stock, the (potnetially shady) tactics people are suspecting is behind the bullish growth. Then I came across this article about D-Matrix’s  Corsair C8. [  &amp;#x200B;  1) is DMatrix a good one to invest in?     2) is it at IPO stage, if it is where can i buy in? if its not at IPO stage, whats the best platform to track it when it goes live? Are there other ways to invest?  3)overall thoughts on Nvidia?,;,; 2023-09-09 01:08:28]
[ChatGPT 4 and MSFT - Bulls Get Ready,;,; GPT-4 is a new and improved language model that is being developed by a company called OpenAI. This model is expected to be much better than its predecessor, GPT-3. The launch date for GPT-4 has not been suspected to start next week, and people are excited about the new capabilities that it might have.  GPT-4 is expected to be better at understanding and processing natural language, which means it might be able to answer more complex questions and generate more accurate responses. It could also have the ability to create videos from text, which would be a big step forward in the field of AI.  Microsoft is reportedly working with OpenAI to develop GPT-4, and this partnership could benefit both companies. For example, Microsoft might be able to use GPT-4 to improve its chatbots and virtual assistants, which could make them more helpful and engaging for users. Microsoft might also be able to use GPT-4 to automate the video production process, which could save time and effort.  Overall, GPT-4 could be a big step forward for the field of AI, and Microsoft's collaboration with OpenAI could help it stay competitive in this rapidly evolving field.,;,; 2023-03-12 22:33:17]
[Should I Run Out of the Mag 7 Now? Tech Doesn't Seem Likely To Participate In Growth Until Earnings and forward looking JPoW cuts?,;,; Update: What a Swing  $Nvda: Dog  $Google: Dog  $Microsoft: Dog  $APPLE: DAWG  $AMD: DAWG(Today Dog)  $SOFI: DAWG(up 10% today)  Point is it is pissing me off to be in my babies and see them not participate in such an up market. Should I do an aggressive rebalance now?,;,; 2023-12-13 20:30:10]
[MSFT: 280 received,;,; $280 Price Target Revealed  The AI arms race is about to get real.  Wedbush’s Daniel Ives’ comments ahead of the much-talked-about bot’s anticipated entrance into the Microsoft ecosystem.  “This OpenAI investment/strategic partnership which is likely in the $10 billion range is a game changer in our opinion for Nadella &amp; Co. as the ChatGPT bot is one of the most innovative AI technologies in the world today,” the 5-star analyst said.     GameChanger:   ChatGPT will also probably be integrated into Microsoft’s cloud services along with Azure, offering more “competitive threats” to the likes of Amazon and Google.   Clearly the Applications space is heavily dominated by MSFT.,;,; 2023-02-21 00:39:54]
[Thoughts on calls and puts for earnings this week(april 24th),;,; Curious on what’s everyone’s thoughts are on companies earnings this week. Got a bunch of big tech coming out like Microsoft, Amazon, Google and Meta.   Even Coke and McDonald’s coming out this week. What’s everyone’s thoughts.,;,; 2023-04-23 05:30:35]
[Qualcomm's first-of-its-kind SoC can handle infotainment and ADAS on one chip,;,; If you missed NVidia and AMD, the options chain here is still reasonably priced and the company catalysts all scream growth, and growing EPS. Qualcomm is also using open source RISC architecture, SoC’s show how inefficient x86 is (think mobile chips rendering h.264 on the fly faster than editing desktops could just a few years ago), Microsoft and Windows 11…  Super bullish on $QCOM.,;,; 2024-01-11 05:09:46]
[Arbitraging the AI potential misspriced in some stocks that will become the leaders,;,; **GOOGLE**I have been very bullish on Google given MSFT stock performance but for some reason the market has been lagging. MSFT has been driven up, up and up based on Sam Altman, Open AI, GPT, and AI, AI, AI. The Bing supposedly takeover of Google Search was a FIASCO, won't happen.  Google's Deep Mind is another level. Not a generative text bullshitting your prompts. Google is the only actor that has been serious on AI since 2015. Now they are proving to you - have you seen the Gemini AI release? [Google launches its largest and ‘most capable’ AI model, Gemini](  Google should be trading in the 160$ range by now - But it's ok, market is lagging.  Ignore AI, google without AI is the best tech business you can buy.  **AMD**  Just anounced: [Meta and Microsoft say they will buy AMD’s new AI chip as an alternative to Nvidia’s](  It is a matter of time that NVIDIA loses its momentum. It was nice to see a 1200% YoY revenue growth - that's really impresive. But... AMD and other actors want a piece of that cake, NVIDIA won't be able to eat it alone for longer. Chip buyers are already feeling the supply shortage or overprice in their pockets so they are looking for alternatives. AMD is the next best player known, right?  AMD hasn't rallied like NVIDIA. It is still trading as pre-AI thing.  &amp;#x200B;  These are the 2 most clear companies that you can buy at a fair to cheap valuation. I am not touching MSFT, nor NVIDIA, nor APPLE at this valuation. Either AMZN, AMD or GOOGL run a 2x from current level or the other 3 mentioned have a correction of 30% to 40%.  Not a financial advice. Good luck.,;,; 2023-12-07 14:06:11]
[What I'm doing for PLTR earnings tonight,;,; Today after-hours, Palantir is reporting latest earnings. Analysts are predicting earnings of $0.040 per share compared to earnings of $0.020 per share in the same quarter of the previous year. They're also expecting the company to report $505.8 million, an increase of 13.32% over the prior year quarter. Looking at the full year, analysts expect a profit of $0.207 per share. In the previous year there was a profit of $0.060 per share.  Over the last 2 years, PLTR has beaten EPS estimates 50% of the time and has beaten revenue estimates 100% of the time. Over the last 3 months, EPS estimates have seen 4 upward revisions and 3 downward. Revenue estimates have seen 1 upward revision and 7 downward.  The data intelligence software company in mid February reported Q4 2022 results that beat estimates on both top- and bottom-line. The company also [forecasted]( 2023 to be its first year of profitability, sending its shares higher by more than 20%. I do expect the company to move towards sustainable operating profitability, especially with the recently announced [expansion]( of the company's cloud partnership with Microsoft (MSFT), which opens up a new revenue source.  However, PLTR shares have struggled since the company's strong Q4 report, having fallen about 20% up till their last close. In addition to this, the company in late February joined the string of technology firms that announced layoffs amid an economic slowdown. PLTR said it would reduce its workforce by around 2% in an effort to reduce costs. However, this isn't necessarily bad news.  Citi on Thursday said PLTR is likely to keep dealing with challenges posed by "incremental commercial headwinds," despite "resilient" spending from the federal government.  **What to do for earnings?**  PLTR has moved on average 4% with earnings, but with a large standard deviation. I don't think there's sufficient news to predict whether it'll go up or down with any degree of confidence. However, due to low strike prices, options are really cheap. I'm picking up 5/12 8p at 58 bucks a pop. If the stock were to drop 4%, that wouldn't be a big enough move to deem the puts profitable. However, I'm treating this as a lotto play, hoping for a larger move downward; while not exactly 'expecting' it. Just playing with last week's profits from [AAPL's earning play]( that I posted.,;,; 2023-05-08 17:34:09]
[MSFT ATVI deal?,;,; What will happen to the shares of ATVI (activision) which is currently at a mkt cap of 73 billion if MSFT (Microsoft) acquires them at 69.3 billion.  Will i get my shares sold out at a premium price ?,;,; 2023-10-06 11:33:58]
[Enough with the doomsday theories.,;,; Why is everyone suddenly promoting doomsday theories of imminent collapse and despair?  There’s a few issues people need to understand.  1. The 2008 financial crisis happened due to financial deregulation under Clinton (glass stegal) with banks assuming too much risk.   For example sub prime lending. Wallstreet institutions taking on risky mortgages that people can’t afford to pay.  The banks are now regulated under the bi partisan Dodd frank act  2. Inflation   There are parts to inflation that are directly caused by the fed and some the fed can’t control  Fed can control asset prices like buying mortgage back securities   Fed cannot control consumer prices, and inflation in consumer prices have more to do with supply of goods.   This however can be controlled by policy makers  Like adding china to the WTO to export inflation to 3rd world countries. (Slave factories making your iPhone)  The fed can influence the demand of goods by raising and lowering interest rates. But there no guarantee people will act the way the fed expects.   3.  American exceptionalism   America has an advantage that other countries don’t.  our technological innovation keeps us ahead of the curb.   There is no competition with apple  There is no competition with google  There is no competition with Microsoft  4. Market cycles   Markets move in cycles. Markets will usually hit a peak go down and rise up again. There is no need to panic, as knowing this you can profit both ways.  Conclusion.  There is no reason to cite doomsday scenarios as it’s unproductive. The United States is the most powerful country in the world. You don’t become that with idiots running your country. While nothing’s perfect. Be thankful you don’t have to walk 10 miles a day to get water 💧 as some people in the world do.   It’s all about perspective.   Don’t have a negative perspective 🇺🇸,;,; 2023-12-19 21:52:10]
[Why are Activision Call Options with $95+ strike trading at these prices?,;,;    ATVI July 21 2023 $95 Call is $0.40  ATVI Jan 19 2024 $95 Call is $1.25  Why? The Microsoft buyout price is $95 per share. Won't these calls be worthless?,;,; 2023-07-17 20:03:31]
[Reddit founder wants to charge Big Tech for scraped data used to train AIs: report,;,; Online community network Reddit wants to start getting paid by large artificial-intelligence companies that scrape data off its message boards to help train AI products. In an interview with the New York Times, Reddit founder and Chief Executive Steve Huffman said that the “Reddit corpus of data is really valuable. But we don’t need to give all of that value to some of the largest companies in the world for free.” Generative AI has gone mainstream this past year with the release of OpenAI’s ChatGPT — backed by a multibillion-dollar investment from Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.11%. AI uses massive amounts of data drawn from a site’s application program interface, or API, to train the AI product and train for inference. Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, -1.10% GOOGL, -1.30% Google also has a generative-AI product, Bard, and Adobe Inc. ADBE, 0.02% recently released an AI product named Firefly, a “co-pilot” technology aimed at helping create content. Meta Platforms Inc. META, -0.35% has its own eponymous product, Meta AI, while Amazon.com Inc.’s AMZN, -0.34% AWS has released free machine-learning tools for users.  Source;  2023-04-18 19:56:23]
[BIG WEEK AHEAD,;,; We have Fed speak and six significant earnings reports with forward guidance this coming week.  My thoughts:  JPOW &amp; Committee has no reason at all to do six rate cuts this year so far.  Too bad - the economy would boom otherwise.  He won’t declare victory and most likely will remain cautious.  I think the market needs to get over the Fed and move on.      Tuesday the fun begins:  MSFT -  red hot!   The tunes are full blast - can they dance?   They have three businesses to report on plus AI.  Microsoft 365, Asure cloud, &amp; personal computing- XBOX, Bing, Surface, and Activision.  Their yoy earnings is expected to increase 19%.  They been pushing AI close to two years now - show me the money!  Would like to see  yoy revenue growth of at least 25% based on their price. I think they are over bought.    GOOGL -  is expected to grow earnings by 53% to roughly $ 1.61.  Let’s see how search and YouTube does.  Maybe they have a new AI story to tell.  Over bought I think.     AMD -  is expected to grow earnings by 12% to roughly $0.77.   It’ll be about forward guidance I believe.   I like what I hear about the 8000G processors with lower power graphics and innovative content creation capabilities.   They have a strong story as well with their neural processing unit(NPU) Ryzen A for PC’s. Over bought but will continue to kick ass I think.  Thursday:  AAPL - is expected to grow earnings 12% with flat yoy revenue.  Really don’t see any surprise to the upside.  Heard the Apple Pro Vision isn’t gaining any app’s on Netflix’s.    Really no growth story so far.  Sell.   AMZN -big Q upcoming.   They need to demonstrate they can make big money.  They are expected to grow earnings from $0.03 to 0.79/share.  Use them a lot - we’ll see.  Meta - expected to grow earnings by 66% to $5 roughly.  Meta plans to have 350,000 Nvidia H100 chips to drive its data centers &amp; AI by end of 2024. Year of efficiency is over I think.     I’m hoping for a flat week, but do have puts on MSFT &amp; APPL.   My opinion only.   Your thoughts!,;,; 2024-01-28 05:28:20]
[260k YOLO MSFT earnings,;,; &amp;#x200B;   2024-01-29 20:03:24]
[How 5X on Meta Calls before earnings!!!!!📉,;,; Yesterday my first instinct with the microsoft earnings was that there would be a massive red dildo after earnings (as always). But for some reason I let some regard talk me into buying a call. Lost all of it lol, natch.   SO out of straight up spite, I’m buying PUTS on Meta. HOWEVER, all of you should probably buy calls immediately. This thing is going to absolutely sky rocket 🚀 🚀 🚀   Thank me later,;,; 2023-07-26 17:05:26]
[Palantir Options for Jan 2026 a Good Bet?,;,; I've been looking at palantir for a while now. I'm thinking about getting a 2026 expiring call after it goes down a bit more. It's an AI stock and I think AI will have huge developments in the next couple years because of the Microsoft/OpenAI catalyst. What is everyone's opinion on palantir and is there anyone that agrees or disagrees and why?,;,; 2023-12-11 00:07:18]
[Apple needs to integrate Ai into their iOS system, When will they make any Ai efforts?,;,; Apple has been generally quiet about its AI efforts. But in January, the company started a program offering authors AI-powered narration services to turn their books into audiobooks. This indicated that the iPhone maker is already thinking about use cases for generative AI. I won’t be surprised if we hear more about the company’s efforts in these areas soon. We have seen Google, Nvidia, Microsoft etc… reap the rewards of positive AI innovation, and now its Apple’s Turn.  They should make an “AI”os. I believe when they do this that will be the catalyst for $200+,;,; 2023-04-20 18:10:50]
[Lol at zoom and Michael burry,;,;    Had decent earnings but their profit is shrinking because they no doubt have to give away stuff to compete with teams which is free and better and free as well when you get a suite from Microsoft for your business   And inverse burry is just as strong as Cramer. What a 🤡😂  Also love how he goes long while he predicts the next crash every week and you regards eat it up  July zoom 60p’s,;,; 2023-05-23 13:49:44]
[$MSFT Technical analysis,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-28 01:39:27]
[S&amp;P 500,;,; Investors are skeptical despite the S&amp;P 500 rising 6% in a month. Funds are positioning themselves against this rally, and short sellers have increased their positions on some of the biggest and most popular technology stocks like Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, and Netflix. This suggests that investors are betting against the continuation of the stock market rally, particularly in the technology sector. The Wall Street adage "Sell in May and go away" may be anticipated this year.  Tell me what you think.,;,; 2023-04-18 11:24:24]
[Space companies,;,; I like to read books about space history ( Gemini, Mercury, Apollo missions, space shuttle missions, etc ), entrepreneurial projects and I also like to track the prices of space stocks. Since I am not an expert in either space history nor how space companies work, maybe some of you are. This post is not some good dd, just a discussion.  Some of the space stocks with market cap bigger than $500 million are the following:  Boeing Company Ticker name: BA Market cap: $127.436 billion (NYSE) Share price: $211.83 (market close on 29/06)   Lockheed Martin Corporation Ticker name: LMT Market cap: $115.848 billion (NYSE) Share price: $457.44 (market close on 29/06)   Rocket Lab USA, Inc Ticker name: RKLB Market cap: $2.862 billion (NYSE) Share price: $5.98 (market close on 29/06)    Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc Ticker name: SPCE Market cap: $1.195 billion (NYSE) Share price: $4.23 (market close on 29/06)     Of course, there are other companies whose market cap is less than $500 million - that's why I didn't mention them - and private space companies like SpaceX and Blue Origins.  In my humble opinion, the majority of revenues generated by these companies originate from contacts with governments and corporations.  Space tourism is virtually nonexistent. AT LEAST FOR NOW  Also, I have noticed that during the last 3 decades, software-related companies like Apple, Amazon, Alphabet, Microsoft and Meta dominate the public interest, with their stocks dominating the market accordingly.   Do you think that one day space companies will overshadow public interest, and their stocks will become major components of indices like S&amp;P 500, in the way Apple and Microsoft are today?  What could fuel such a shift?,;,; 2023-06-30 09:36:40]
[NVDA 447.5 P,;,; I dropped 19k on these puts after my chart analysis. I was basically down all week after Microsoft/meta ai announcement. But i call BS! Dont get me wrong, ai will be huge, but this shit is overbought imo… was down 95% today and somehow pulled off selling for 4.75% ish gain. Sold bc friggan IV was going crazy and the spread were getting too wide for my liking.,;,; 2023-07-21 20:05:41]
[Trading the $OKTA breach,;,; **tl;dr** \- $OKTA is down on it's third security breach in two years. Wall Street does not understand security and has priced in a worst case. The breach does not appear to be material in the long term. This creates a medium-long term buy opportunity.  **My position**: I held 2,130 shares of $OKTA before the October 2023 breach was disclosed and purchased an additional 1,000 shares on Oct 24, 2023. I also held $69,036 in long range calls (1/17/25) and have increased my total options position to $144,795. The total market value of my $OKTA holdings is $348,968 (37% of all brokerage holdings):    **About**: Okta manages authentication for corporate infrastructure and web applications through its Auth0 subsidiary. Despite disclosing three major security incidents since 2022 the company has increased subscriptions **+18% YoY** and revenue is up **+24% YoY** as of [Q2 2023](  **Product**: Okra’s core product is used by over 18,000 companies to manage authentication to internal resources. Most commercial productivity apps today support Okta integration. This makes it easy for a company to manage identity from a centralized platform. Authentication systems are difficult to design and manage and it not a core competency of most companies. They are [Gartner Magic Quadrant leaders]( in their segment and are close competitors to Microsoft Active Directory. This is a bit misleading in that companies are not choosing between Okta and Microsoft. If you're a Microsoft shop you go with AD, otherwise you go with Okta (more on that in the next section). Authentication systems have a high degree of lock in and it is generally not worth the effort to change vendors.  **Competitive landscape**: I am an information security leader with over 20 years' experience, led a publicly traded company's incident response during Okta's Q1 2022 breach, and frequently chat with information security leaders in $10B+ companies. At the time of the Q1 2022 breach the general consensus was that despite the breach it is not worth changing vendors as there are no better alternatives. Instead, we should hold the vendor accountable to improving their information security practices. In my recent discussions with current Okta customers the consensus has not changed. Despite these problems it is too hard to change vendors and there is no guarantee that the next vendor will not have the same issues.  Look at this through a slightly different lens: Okta remains a "safe default," in the sense that if you're asked to build an enterprise security architecture you can say "let's just use Okta" in the same way that you might say "let's just use AWS." There are technically alternatives but they are not meaningfully differentiated.  **Security incidents**: Wall Street does not understand how to interpret Okta's disclosures and is assuming the worst, at least until Q3 earnings. There is concern that companies in their funnel will pause to better understand the most recent incident and this will slow sales in future quarters. I share this concern generally but believe that the impact is overstated. Companies need enterprise-grade authentication systems and cannot afford to move slowly. Here is my analysis of their recent incidents as a security professional with a deep understanding of the underlying issues and root causes:  * **January 2022**: [Business processor system was compromised]( and a threat actor was able to take screenshots of a poorly named tool ("Superuser" lol) that didn't actually provide super user access to any customer environments. * **December 2022**: Threat actor [accessed source code on Github]( This is a non-issue IMO as it does not affect Okta customers. * **October 2023**: Threat actor [gained access to customer authentication tokens]( through Okta's support system.  This most recent breach is their most serious. About 180 (1%) of their customers had tokens stolen. Two companies, 1Password and Cloudflare, have already disclosed that a threat actor attempted to use that access but ultimately failed thanks to the customer's own detection capabilities. Public companies are required to promptly notify the public of breaches and to my knowledge no other Okta customers have come forward. It is still early but I believe that this implies that most customers were able to avoid impact.  One would be right to assume that Okta has terrible information security practices and that it will only get worse from here. I take a slightly different perspective. Given the pattern and the most recent impact investors will begin to demand changes to information security practices and investments. Additionally, the SEC just announced that it is [charging the CISO of Solarwinds]( in their 2020 breach. The SEC's willingness to hold corporate officers personally accountable will change how companies approach security and Okta will be in the spotlight.  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-31 00:38:33]
[Msft earnings yolo,;,; Took out a loan against the singlewide, hopefully she moons.,;,; 2024-01-25 01:35:33]
[Lumen $LUMN Insider &amp; Big Boys Buying Spree Post Dividend Halt, Kate Johnson &amp; Co. Personally Buying the Dip,;,; 25 days ago [u/MobyDick4Real]( posted about a [possible Lumen acquisition]( which caught my attention, and looked into it a bit further. (LUMN already up \~27% since).  I'm not sure if this company is being prepared for an acquisition but I am sure it's **not about leggings**. But it does look like at least something is cooking. There have been some acquisition rumors on X as well.  Kate Johnson (former MSFT president) recently bought over 1M shares personally after a 90% share price drop since halting all dividends. She is not the only insider buying, while there are no new sales.  [LUMN Insider Buying](  Then there are the institutions; 24 of the 25 top holders are holding or buying (some in quite big numbers).  [LUMN Q3 25 biggest institutions buying](   What's the play? ,;,; 2024-01-05 14:32:16]
[AMD is going to Rock itself to 100 and beyond,;,; AMD is all set for a major jump to the 100s with every cloud vendor Google, Microsoft and Oracle writing FAT checks for the same.  This along with their supply to PC /Gaming lines is really adding to their topline and bottom-line respectively.  Strong market position: AMD has been gaining market share in both the CPU and GPU markets. Its Ryzen and EPYC processors have been well received by consumers and businesses, and its Radeon graphics cards have been competitive with Nvidia's offerings.  Ryzen processors introduced new levels of performance and value to the desktop CPU market, and its EPYC processors are making inroads in the server market. Good diversification of chips portfolio with CPUs and GPUs  One weakness is :   AMD relies heavily on a few key customers, including Dell and HP, for a significant portion of its revenue. Losing one or more of these customers could be detrimental to its business.  Partnership opportunities: AMD has partnered with major players in the tech industry, including Microsoft and Google, to develop custom processors for their needs. More such partnerships could be in the company's future.  Competition: Intel and Nvidia are formidable competitors in the CPU and GPU markets, respectively. They have greater resources and established brands, which could make it difficult for AMD to gain market share.  Thanks for reading  Disclosure: Hold stocks,;,; 2023-03-14 18:06:21]
[MSFT,;,; The way Microsoft has moved this week should I consider investing more next week or just let it go I’m a little bit new to the stock market. Any tips or books to read or things to watch would be great as well.,;,; 2023-04-28 21:01:03]
[Don't get used to my 10/10 contributions. This is why I'm betting on Zoom $ZM on Monday market openning,;,; The pleasure is mine, you are welcome, but don't get used to it.  So, I've been observing how a lot of stocks, whose fundamentals weren't affected are being rallied by Mr Market to the level of the 200 moving average.  $ZM is trading at  1. 10% below the 200 MA 2. a 4 year low, meaning that it is where it was in 2019 (pre-covid, pre-digitisation of office working, pre-hybrid, virtual jobs).  Yes, it is exactly where it was in Nov. 2019. But, revenues are nowhere in that range. See below:  |Year|Total Revnues|Outs. Shares| |:-|:-|:-| |Full 2019|$330 million|269 million| |A single quarter currently|$1100 million|305 million| |Full 2023|$4393 million|305 million| |Outlook for Full 2024|$4485-$4495 million|?|  I am including Out.shares bcuz my capacity when analysing stocks is higher than 99% of regards here. So just keep silent and read.  So, a **13x revenue** versus 2019, with a minimum dilution considering the growth it presented - they **stopped the dillution velocity** though. With a **growth rate in the single low digits**:  \-This is **not a growth case**, but rather a re-pricing momentum play.  I don't believe this company is going to be back at the growth rate it presented in COVID. But, it is one of the companies that benefitted the most from COVID, and they didn't become obsolete in the post-covid rather stayed at the top of the game.  Zoom is transitioning into a productivity-suite platform where it will have apps around Zoom. Something like Teams or Slack (before being acquired). Pray for the anti-competitors to take the side of Zoom lawsuit as MSFT bundling of Teams in their Office product is what they call anti-competitive behaviour. (More here: [  &amp;#x200B;  Who cares about the future? I said this is a momentum bet on Monday market close when they report earnings. I say that this company has a high probability of jumping 10% to 20% in the after-market session.  **Long-term:**  Ok, but what about the bagholders? The only hope I can share here is pay attention to their "operating margins". If they manage to trim down their operations cost (layoffs or reducing OPEX) you can have a huge momentum. So far the outlook given in the last quarter was to be in line with last year operating margin% of approx. 35%  But I don't have to buy this for a long-term bet, we have other businesses who are trading at fairer valuations with much higher margins and growth.  This is not a financial advice, just my personal diary to prove my High IQ. My London Zoo Chimpanzee has not adviced me to the following:**I will open 1week call options in the market openning.**     **Edit 1**: A regard below gave me a head (up) on the profitbaility so I went back and ran an analysis of their operating expenses trend. See the trend where Q4 of last year it peaked and now it seems to be trending down.  [    ,;,; 2023-11-18 17:06:37]
[Msft earnings yolo,;,; Took out a loan against the singlewide, hopefully she moons.,;,; 2024-01-25 01:35:33]
[MSFT earnings discussion,;,; Just bought some MSFT ATM calls exp 2/2.   Did absolutely 0 DD, going off vibes alone.   If it hits, I double down and buy ATM AAPL calls for Thursday. If not, back to Wendy’s we go.   What is your argument against Microsoft continuing to shrek up? Unless there is a legitimate Bear thesis, it seems that AI and Cloud talk will keep floating it upwards.,;,; 2024-01-29 18:15:29]
[Sell MSFT,;,; Microsoft is a definite sell.  The AI hype is BS.  Pay attention to the reasons below:  1) The AGI (artificial general intelligence) is a  crock of shit.  A simple algorithm that jumbles words that is meaningless. I tried ChatGPT and it directed me to useless sites asking for pay for their useless services. A Microsoft con job.  2) The P/E of 36 is way too high for a traditional business software company.  I thing 20 is more reasonable.  3) This thing with Mr. Altman is ridiculous: a effective altruist who will change the world by donating money for the better good of humanity thru a shell game like SBF.    4) Another con job: MSFT will take over Open AI because they’ll offer high paying jobs that talented Programmers can’t  resist.  BS!!    5) Once the uselessness of a fake AI enterprise is exposed - it’ll crash like the dot.com bubble from years past.    There are many better companies to invest in.  Companies that will provide profits thru useful enterprises.   How many times do you use Google, Amazon, and Apple?   MSFT chose the low road. SELL!!!,;,; 2023-11-26 03:43:20]
[260k YOLO MSFT earnings,;,; &amp;#x200B;   2024-01-29 20:03:24]
[puts on $MSFT?,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-12 17:37:36]
[Any idea what's causing this big sell off? MSFT,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-17 20:37:51]
[Follow up to $MSFT post from yesterday.,;,; For those that asked to see it. Here the gain porn from yesterday's YOLO. Account went from a low of 875 2 months ago to hitting 400k this morning. Love yall stay safe. Still holding MSFT calls expiring friday btw.,;,; 2023-04-26 13:36:55]
[I believe Microsoft (MSFT) is prepping Lumen (LUMN) for an acquisition.,;,; Hello Readers,   MobyDick4Real here, and I am going to dissect why I believe Microsoft is prepping Lumen Technologies for a acquisition.  To begin, I was a former employee of Lumen Technologies for just under 5 years. I was part of the Federal team, and it was my responsibility to price-to-win RFP's in the communications and technology sector. During my tenure, I was part of the team that secured the IPTS win which is a $1.5B sole contract awarded to Lumen.  During this time, I watched the stock sink from about $15 to less than a dollar, and currently own 4% of the call options expiring January 1st 2026. This may sound like a lot, but its $1,000 worth of $5 strike options.   Lumens stock has been in steady decline since Jeff Storey took the helm about 5 years ago, but was anchored around $7 due to the ridiculous dividend they were paying ($0.25 a quarter). After his retirement there was internal chatter of whether Laurinda Pang, or Ed Morche was going to replace Jeff during his departure. However, to the companies surprise an outsider was awarded the position and took leadership.   Kate Johnson is a tenured executive that was previously a Vice President at Microsoft. Her bread and butter was subscription based modeling at Microsoft, and headed major projects. After winning the CEO position at Lumen; Kate slowly fired off all the executives of Lumen besides two people: Andrew Dugan, and Chris Stansbury and proceeded to fill the positions with Microsoft alumni and other colleagues from her days at Warton.   First thing Kate did was remove the dividend, and sold off Lumens LATAM and EMEA offerings; sizably reducing Lumens debt, and bolstering free cash flow. Bears say that Lumens primary sales are coming from landline phones and other legacy services, and I believe this to be a fallacy.    Lumen can be easily broken into two major teams that derive most of the large wins. The Hyperscalers team (Enterprise) and the DoD team (Fed). For the sake of this conversation I am going to focus on the Federal team. Lumen was created after a merger between Level3 and CenturyLink. Where CenturyLink focused on enterprise sales, and Level3 ran the majority of the DoD network.   Microsoft has recently bolstered their view on supporting government contracts, and has done so by crafting Zero Trust infrastructure into their cloud offerings, and getting Teams on just about every government computer there is.   My hypothesis is Microsoft wants to further their hold in the defense sectors and plans to do so by acquiring Lumen. Lumen is a consortium member of every large undersea cable and provides most of the layer 1 transport to the government. Having Microsoft purchase Lumen immediately puts them in a position to win massive multi-billion dollar contracts, and overlay their technology as a value add. This then provides the government with an easy button to not only purchase their data infrastructure but to have all the bells and whistles Microsoft provides included seamlessly. If there is one thing I learned working Fed, is that the government loves an easy button.   Lumens goal for both enterprise and fed is to create a subscription based model referred to as network as a service (NaaS) and this allows their hyperscalers and larger accounts to add and reduce bandwidth across their business within a few clicks. Insert the Queen of subscription based modeling.   As quantum computing and quantum fiber become more prevalent Lumen is perfectly positioned to have massive growth seizing the workload for all autonomous vehicles, AI, 5G, quantum computing, and any large data transfers across the US.   Regarding the sell-offs of LATAM and EMEA, the deals were structured that the companies that purchased them (Colt Telecom, and Cirion Telecom) would still supply the company with all required needs on the fiber that was sold. This allows Lumen to be a global business without having to manage their global fiber footprint.   Lumen is capable of pivoting and creating dense datasets due to the fact they have direct access to 70% of all global internet traffic, and have vision into another 10% through peering agreements. This gives them access to 80% of all global internet traffic. This would dramatically increase Microsofts AI offerings, and could make all their selling efforts more affective.   By Microsoft purchasing Lumen, their security, AI, government, enterprise, and all data transfer offerings would be dramatically improved based off the information they could feed into it.  Lumen stock is currently sitting around $1.40, and makes about $15-$20B a year with a gross profit of about $7B in 2023. The business has been in decline profit wise for about 5 years, but this is due to major sell-offs and securing future business.   For the reasons of Microsoft executives taking the helm, cutting off the deadweight sectors, rumors of the merger in the industry, and the overlap between the two companies. I believe Microsoft is likely to purchase Lumen for pennies on the dollar in the upcoming years.   But who knows, maybe I'm just regarded.  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-12-11 05:16:48]
[Bought MSFT put. Wasn't Hired. 🥲,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-25 03:06:57]
[$30,000 bet on $MSFT earnings,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-25 19:54:28]
[MSFT CEO Satya Nadela : I am the superior Indian tech CEO,;,; ,;,; 2023-04-29 11:14:54]
[$MSFT Technical analysis,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-28 01:39:27]
[Msft hacked, whats the play?,;,;   Puts on msft or maybe calls calls if the exec emails are leaked and chatty g is confirmed sentient,;,; 2024-01-20 15:16:55]
[NVDA made only $4.37B in 2023 and currently has a $1.7T market cap. For comparison, MSFT made $72B in 2023 and has a $3T market cap.,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-05 19:36:34]
[Even Bill Gates lacked the diamond 💎 hands Had he hodl MSFT they would be worth 1.25 trillion!,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-24 23:49:47]
[To whomever is buying $MSFT and the Magnificent 7 at the top.,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-17 00:23:42]
[42k MSFT earnings play,;,; 50 contracts @ 327.5 strike, 8.5 premium.,;,; 2023-10-25 12:56:42]
[Damn, wouldn't be surprised if MSFT opens at 400 today.,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-20 08:53:02]
[I Didn't buy calls on MSFT$ like I posted about yesterday 😭😭😭,;,; I decided I needed to keep some spare cash after a rough couple months and refused to use my girlfriends and roommates money to gamble when this offered because I said they didn't understand the risk 🤡  THIS IS WHY I AM POOR 😱,;,; 2023-07-18 17:01:38]
[$ATVI / $MSFT hearing outcome predictions?,;,; For those not aware, Microsoft defended their Activision purchase in front of a federal judge a week ago. They currently cannot close the deal due to a PI. Jusge could remove the PI as soon as Sunday or Monday. Then there is a 5 business day cooldown during which the FTC could appeal. Deal deadline is July 18th.   While Microsoft has clearly outperformed the FTC, there are risks that the judge would rule in favor of the FTC due to her and Lina Khan being both named by Biden.   I have a shit ton of calls for next week with limited number of put protection so I’ll either make 100K or lose like 60K. What are your thoughts?   2023-07-08 23:55:37]
[MSFT YOLO,;,; ,;,; 2023-04-27 07:47:23]
[Why AAPL TSLA MSFT FB NVDA will go Even higher,;,; First of all, what if I tell u many of the ppl in the us are making so much money  Wages r so high right now  Everyone has money and buying things like iphone teslas and RTX 4090 in bulk  So with coffee being $7.99 instead of $1.99 3 years ago   These companies should be worth so much more with such amazing revenues even with high rates  AI changing and Jansens Covid vaccine with AI  so 35% cheaper to make and 20% shorter time  That’s with shitty AI I think   So give s few years AI no longer shitty  AI is already money maker  Also China US will be cool with chips  Media bullshitting. I know a guy in Shanghai said it’s not serious  Apple too cheap too  $275 target with Apple AI, cars, VR, glasses, folding phones  MSFT cheap  Oracle cheap  Meta making social media AI. Prob better than Snapchat cat whiskiers idk  TSLA literally making robots  Boston dynamics aint got shit on em in a year  Overall everything so cheap  Ppl making $12/hr making now $17/hr   My avocado went from $0.99 to $2.99  Ppl make more   Everything every expensive  Companies worth more  Also most of the hedgefunds haven’t even bought yet  TSLA too not expensive   If u look at their future tech it’s worth 3x more  Also when rates get cut soon we going up qqq 750 by 2025  I aint playin no more  Inflation low as shit  Americans have 2 jobs for 1 person  Also is it even possible to not get a job in America?  A Chinese graduate from CalTech told me that US is like on easy mode  Economy so good  QQQ $500 EOY,;,; 2023-07-04 02:20:52]
[MSFT YOLO 13k,;,; &amp;#x200B;   2024-01-11 06:15:09]
[Is GPT5 priced into MSFT?,;,; Sam Altman has said GPT-5 is his top priority. He has also told YC founders to operate under the assumption we have AGI. It seems very likely GPT-5 will understand video input , Sam alluded to it and there are also many rumours. GPT-5 will also be a level above all competitors (most of them are barely catching up-to GPT-4, main competitors being Gemini from Google and Claude 2 from Anthropic). So what’s the play here, MSFT leaps?,;,; 2024-01-21 22:55:20]
[Part 2 - I believe Microsoft (MSFT) is prepping Lumen (LUMN) for an acquisition.,;,; Welcome back my fellow regards and degenerates. Hope everyone had a great holiday season and is getting situated in the new year.  Regarding Lumen it has been quite the rollercoaster since we last spoke. My calls and shares almost doubled when the stock neared $2, but have been humbled on the decent back to $1.30. Since then I have had a chance to dive more into their stock news, have discussions with businesses across the industry, and have stumbled on news that impacts just about every tech business on earth regarding bottlenecks to growth. This is going to be a long discussion as always.  In short, I believe Lumen is decreasing their debt and parting out legacy chunks of their business for a behemoth like Microsoft to come in and gobble them up. Why? Because their infrastructure, physical assets, and network can be transitioned into whatever Microsoft needs and writing a $10-$20B check is nothing to a tech giant like them. Every physical Lumen location could be easily transitioned into a point of presence (POP) or an edge facility for any of the numerous SaaS or physical products that Microsofts sells. Lumen (the Level3 side) also owns numerous contract vehicles within the government space, giving Microsoft unique access to Fed contracts they didn't have before.  &amp;#x200B;  This is a pit stop for the tl;dr boys, see you on the other side.  &amp;#x200B;  To get this started I am going to discuss some brief Lumen news, rumors and topics the industry believes, and wrap it up into how I think Lumen is uniquely positioned for the industry strangulation that is about to occur. I will discuss the bottlenecks and provide speculation on how the obstacles will be handled.  First things first Lumen rebranded, again... They're orange now; why? I am not sure but they are. Next Lumen has effectively fired \~15,000 employees without anyone blowing a whistle on such a decline over the past few years. Very impressive Kate, but too bad it didn't work the same with UPS; womp womp.  Lumen recently restructured their debt TSA' allowing them access to $1.325B long term debt, and delaying the strain of $12.5B of their current debt. Freeing up this strangle will allow the business to maneuver much easier without banks putting a damper on everything, but they're not out of the woods yet.  Lumen is going all in on NaaS and Quantum Fiber. They received certifications at the CES 2024 show in Vegas for two WiFi-7 devices (golf clap). This may seem dumb, but this is actually huge for the future growth of WiFi, and they've recently hired Satish Lakshmanan who is a AI wizard and the new Chief Product executive. Satish is likely going to innovate the product suite with AI buzzwords and fire off more redundant staff along the way.  This doesn't look like a company that is consolidating its losses, and preparing to die. The noose around their neck has been loosened by the banks, they're reducing their operating costs, and they're innovating their offerings for future demand; which will be important in our last segment.  Before we get there, lets talk about the rumors on the street.  The bulk of the industry doesn't thinks Lumen can turn this around, and I agree with them to a certain degree. That is why I see a acquisition in the future, this is common in the telecom industry, and has happened numerous times. I don't see why a good thing like acquisitions would suddenly stop, especially since banks are waking up and are starting to spend the cash they've been hoarding during the recent economic down turn. The difference is I see Lumen adapting to their current situation whereas giants like Verizon and AT&amp;T are focusing on the same old.  &amp;#x200B;  Lumen does have something a lot of companies want though, and that is physical fiber and this brings me to my last segment. The bottlenecks that will soon plague the tech space, and will require a huge lift to fix. These bottlenecks cover the entire industry vertical and absolutely will impact your life. How fast is happens is up for debate but I could see it happening as fast as 5 years, but will be a common discussion within 10-20 years.  The bottlenecks are:  1. Regulatory 2. Interconnectivity (Fiber, Copper, Radio, etc.) 3. Datacenters (Power Consumption) 4. Energy Companies (Energy Generation)  I am going to start from the ground up, so energy generation. There is no amount of renewable energy that can sustain human tech in the near future. The only way to generate enough will be nuclear energy. There is no ifs, ands, or buts; nuclear power will be utilized to meet industry needs, and I have already heard numerous telecom, datacenter, and investor executives starting to talk about it.  To put into perspective a current rack at a datacenter is usually outfitted with maybe 5 kW of energy, and upwards of 10-12 kW per rack on a good day (a really good day). A fully functioning AI setup with all the bells and whistles will require closer to 60 kW of energy per rack. A more modest AI rack will pull 30 to 40 kW if they aren't using all the latest and greatest equipment.   Datacenters are going to have to overhaul all their equipment, and allow more power to get into their racks, this is going to take time and depending on the Datacenter company it will mean make or break for some of them. Personally I think Digital Realty is doing a great job of getting ahead of this, if you are curious about a DC I recommend. However, some hubs like Singapore are getting maxed out due to strict regulation. Physical assets can only expand so far.  This brings us to that pesky interconnectivity we were discussing and this is something the industry is very split on at the moment. Currently there is a lot of interconnectivity between various locations across the globe, and Lumen owns a good chunk of it. Most of the major cities have a hub of sorts, and if you're familiar with the industry you're thinking about Singapore, Tokyo, Northern Virginia, Los Angeles, London, and a handful more of places.   The issue is these connections are starting to get maxed out. There is a terminology called bursting where they are able to fit more information on a fiber asset than it can handle. In short, we're putting 10 lbs of potatoes in a 5 lb bag. The issue is there is no incentives for building more fiber. Previously the government incentivized fiber buildouts and a lot of the companies were able to do these massive build outs for free. This is not the case anymore, and the cost and time delay for these buildouts are large if you're building undersea cables and traversing the globe. If by some chance you do pull a profit, you are making fractions of pennies per dollar spent, and you're waiting 5+ years to get these cables up and running. Very few companies are building fiber assets today, AT&amp;T I think is the only one I've heard of recently, but its all local city fiber. Eventually the interconnectivity assets will be more valuable since demand will be high and supply will be low, and this will require regulatory restrictions across the whole vertical to be relaxed.   If not, companies will seize these connections from public use, and control the traffic that is allowed on them.   Essentially laws and regulations are going to have to be eased up to progress forward. In the Philippines they have "gray outs" where the government will shut off the internet momentarily to ease up on traffic congestion. This is not a unique occurrence around the world, but if it ever happens to America; there would be full blown riots.   I think the traffic congestion will cause political pressure, and the lawmakers will have to alleviate nuclear regulations to provide enough energy for the world. The increase in energy we discussed is just in AI equipment at DC', it doesn't account for the electric car grid, crypto, or any of the other massive energy sucks our community has. Nuclear is the only clear action forward, once those restrictions are removed our DC' will be able to provide ample energy, and this will spur new growth across the globe.   Companies like Lumen are positioned to make a killing when interconnectivity is once again a profitable business. I still believe a merger is likely in the next few years, and to say it bluntly; I like the stock.   As always do your own research and make your own decisions on the matter, but due to the changes the company is making, and the industry constraints of the near future. I believe this stock is uniquely positioned to blow tf up due to an acquisition. Of all the large companies able to gobble Lumen up, I think Microsoft would have the most to gain from it's offerings.     But who knows, maybe I'm just regarded.  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2024-01-31 03:34:51]
[Thanks $MSFT,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-19 06:51:20]
[I'm YOLOing into MSFT. Here's my DD that convinced me,;,; **Who Am I**  I'm a software eng / ML researcher who's been following the OpenAI drama like I'm a Brit during coronation season. My recent twitter screentime may have rendered my brain a dopamine-depleted melted soup, but my loss can be your gain.   I'm usually a buy and forget kind of investor, but every now and then something really sparks my interest. This is the fifth time in my life I have seen a story so big that I was confident to YOLO  1. Tesla in 2012 2. Bitcoin in 2013 3. Ethereum in 2015 4. SPY puts on March 10, 2020    1. Overstock calls April 2020 as a sub bet here - posted on [WSB](  **Where are we now**   There are 3 ways this plays out, 2 of which are good for MSFT and 1 which is really good for MSFT. From worst to best:  1. **The** **deal to get Sam back in falls apart, move to MSFT was a bluff, they go start their own thing.** This is worst - MSFT loses all the potential gains from future OpenAI work, has to rebuild a new partnership with new co or someone else. This won't happen, Sam needs Satya and more importantly, Sam **owes** Satya big time for his help the last few days 2. **Deal to get Sam his job back falls apart and Sam and crew actually come to MSFT.** Bad short term, great medium term, bad long term. Initially this causes a delay to the APIs MSFT was going to get their hands on. They'll need time to ramp back up in their new Org, then they'll make major advances for AI within MSFT, but then they come to terms with the realities that working inside MSFT will never give the freedom and control that they want  3. **Sam** **gets back into OpenAI.** Still the best outcome for Microsoft, hence why Satya is signaling he's open to it. Also what seems most likely at this point. If Board was okay with Sam and crew going to MSFT then this story would already be over   **So best case we're back to last week's situation?**   No. There are two key pieces of information (aka alpha) that are not priced in yet  1. AI is heating up faster than expected. **Faster even** than OpenAI employees expected. How do we know this? Sam's direct mentions that he's been *shocked* about a discrete jump in improvement for the "4th time", **corroborated** by Ilya's initial move against him. Now don't read *too much* into that. I don't think Ilya's move against him signals they have AGI. There's been a jump, but not that big. Just big enough that Ilya's preferred outcome becomes OpenAI minus Sam (more power for Ilya), but not so much that Ilya was willing to stick his ground against the surprising ferocity of Sam's response. And just big enough to become a trigger the Board into action (not that I think this is the *reason* they fired him, just the trigger to convince them the time was right)  2. **Satya** may or may not own OpenAI, but he definitely **owns Sam** after this. Without Satya handing him the "I'll hire you and everyone else at OpenAI" move, Sam was finished. Satya is an elite money maker, and elite money makers don't give anything away for free. There is likely a verbal agreement for additional support / better deals from OpenAI to MSFT. On the other hand, Sam is an elite political machine. He knows you can't not pay favors. He will pay his debt      So what does this mean? People are overly focussed on the *relative* value between the 3 options above, without realizing how much the ground has shifted and pushed up AI, has pushed up OpenAI (if it sticks together), and pushed up MSFT, as primary benefactor of Sam/OpenAI.    **What's the timeline?**  1. We could see a big jump within 30-60 days if details about the capability shift are released, in a way that doesn't lead to Option 1 2. More like 6-12 months to start seeing material benefits to MSFT. This timeline could also see speculative fervor once the crazy near term realities of AI start to hit the mass market (don't forget, ChatGPT is less then a single year old. Things are moving fucking fast)  **So what's the price target?**   I have no idea. That's not how I trade. I trade on unregistered and generally unpriceable alpha, usually purely on a directional and timeline basis.    **What did I buy?**  Stock, $400 calls at 1/19/24, $400 calls at 7/19/24, and $450 calls at 1/17/25  &amp;#x200B;   2023-11-21 21:27:38]
[$MSFT clases Activision deal, calls or puts tomorrow?,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-15 19:07:26]
[MSFT EARNINGS YOLO UPDATE,;,; We are looking healthy. Aside from one of you degens convincing me to yolo 2/2 calls that is.... Amzn printed. Googl clapped my cheeks. Haven't sold shit. Hopefully next week is a printer baby. Also bought appl and Netflix puts. See y'all next week.,;,; 2024-02-02 20:56:17]
[MSFT rise scope?,;,; I bought $385 MSFT 1/19/24 calls on Friday. The Altman joining MSFT news literally saved me from a potentially horrible week. Unsure about whether I should hold, and hope that we hit at least 393 by Jan. Is the ATH from last week gonna be beat soon or nah?,;,; 2023-11-20 08:47:26]
[$AMZN $MSFT getting clobbered Monday,;,; “There are prominent cloud services in Europe and the Middle East, so Chinese companies will start using them instead of AWS or Azure.”  2023-10-21 17:40:54]
[Puts on GOOG after MSFT takes over their search monopoly?,;,; I just tried the new Bing AI search chat bit and I must say that it seems to me to be a game changer. And since GOOG makes most of their money on search, it seems like a good idea to buy long term puts on the stock. What do you guys think?,;,; 2023-02-27 01:51:57]
[Poor Man’s Covered Call What it is, why I’m doing it with $30k worth of MSFT calls , and why you should consider trying it. TLDR at TOP,;,; TLDR: selling covered calls good. You can use long-term call options as collateral instead of having to buy 100 shares of the underlying asset. This makes you big money at a relatively lower risk than you might expect. it’s a strategy that consists of buying ITM or very close to ITM, long-term call options and then using that as collateral to sell a short term OTM covered call.  I made this post in response to a lot of the people on my last WSB post. Turns out not many people seem to know what the PMCC is despite this being a heavily option based sub Reddit (so I will try to simplify it for those that don’t know much about options).  A call option gives you the option to purchase an equity at the strike price. Where as a person who owns 100 shares can sell a covered call option and they will sell you those 100 shares for your strike price. The premium you pay is what he gets to keep. So his goal is to write options that will never be able to be exercised, that way, he keeps both the premium and his 100 shares. He does this by selling short term very OTM call options. They’re great because there are fools that think that buying multiple cheap call options will make them more money than one really expensive in the money long-term option. And this is where WSB comes in. There are plenty of people in the sub that simply love FDs for whatever reason (I genuinely believe that some people don’t fully understand why people love to sell these to them).  So let me explain why one is smart and why one is dumb.  Let’s say Microsoft is currently $400 , I bought 100 shares for that price and I’m going to sell a covered call that expires in one month at a strike price of 425.   let’s say that Microsoft hit the price of $430 and the person exercised the option. In this scenario I would have to sell my 100 shares of Microsoft for $425 despite selling for $430 on the market. But hey, remember you bought them for $400. Now you sold them for $425 and you get to keep whatever the person paid for the premium on top of that. The risk here is that Microsoft could hit something like $470 and you would still have to sell it for $425 and the premium you made is nowhere near enough to compensate the money you could’ve gotten if you would’ve just held onto it and not sold. You as the call option writer Can decide to sell a very short term very out the money call option that will likely never be exercised but it will be sold for cheap or you could sell a very close to the money longer-term call option for a massive premium. (or of course, something in between.) but with that being said 80% of all call options written expire worthless so you do have a bit of a competitive edge on your side.  Now, as for the buyer He buys a bunch of short term out the money call options for cheap because he thinks he will make more money this way (which is of course possible, but it would be very very unlikely) Unfortunately, Theta really kicks in the last 1-2 months so because he chose a short term option he really really needs to fight against the clock here. Also, because the call options he bought are really OTM, the Delta on his options are very low, meaning he would need a massive price movement in order to feel anything through his options. Obviously he is set up for failure and his call options expire worthless which happens 90% of the time and even when it doesn’t it doesn’t necessarily make up for all the money lost in the past.  So what have we learned?  Selling covered calls good, buying short term out the money options bad.  But do you have $40,000 to buy 100 shares of Microsoft so that you can write call options on it ? Or let’s assume that you do, you could buy 100 shares or you can buy multiple long-term call options that are ITM or close to it. And remember each call option represents 100 shares of Microsoft. And because let’s say you bought three, you can then sell three short term out the money covered call options. If you get assigned you now have to sell 100 shares to the person at whatever the strike is. You don’t need to actually own 100 shares You just need to have enough money to buy 100 shares and then you will sell them at the strike price. But wait, the stock price must have gone up in Order for the options to able to be exercised, but wait you own call options! See where this is going. Most up-to-date brokerages let you use call options as collateral to sell covered calls because of this very reason. In the scenario where you get assigned, you should hopefully have call options that increased in value. Now you can sell a call option for more than what you bought it for and on top of that you keep the premium . However, this introduces more risk because depending on your contract length and how near the money your call options that you bought and sold are it is completely possible to have to pay a lot for the assignment and not have options that went up all that much (and they can always expire worthless If you do decide to keep holding them) Also, if you think the covered call, you sold will be dramatically ITM by its expiration date at some point, you could just pay to close the position you’ll pay whatever premium it’s going for, but then you won’t be using it as collateral any longer much better than being assigned. But there are ways to minimize this. Simply put, sell short term out the money options so that whoever buys them has to deal with high Theta and low Delta, meaning time decay will dramatically, eat up the intrinsic value of the contract, and there would have to be massive price movement to have a positive effect on the option price they bought. Meanwhile you buy long-term in the money call options as collateral. Meaning that theta will not eat up much of its intrinsic value, and because your delta is very high since it’s in the money small movements in the underlying assets will have a bigger impact on your option, whether for better or for worse. Oh, and now you’re able to sell many more call options because instead of buying 100 shares you bought contracts that represent 100 shares.  Of course, like anything it works until it doesn’t . But even if the underlying asset you write it on end up tanking you at least keep the premium. Depending on how long the contract is you could hold if you think it might eventually go back up or sell it for significantly less than what you bought it for but at the very least, it keeps a lot of its intrinsic value since it’s a long-term contract.  So far everything I’ve covered is the PMCC strategy as you would read or hear about it, the following is my take and twist on it  I am exclusively doing this with Microsoft simply because it’s Microsoft . As in it’s a very reputable company and it only seems to go up.  If I have five call options, I do not write five covered calls on it because I don’t ever want to have to risk liquidating my entire options portfolio  (even if you make sure the risk is relatively low. The risk is still there)  Speaking of, I buy the bulk of my options to be expiring one year or more from when I bought it so that it can qualify for long-term capital gains tax (remember it’s not just about how much money you make, It’s also about how much money you get to keep.)  And what do I do with the options premiums I collect ? Well I simply save until I get enough to buy another long-term in the money call option, which lets me sell more cover, call options, which can then help me buy more call options, which can then help me sell more covered call options (you get the idea.) and lowers the cost basis of the call options I buy if I decide to continue injecting my own cash from my bank account. Also it gives me a bit of downside protection since I’ll be able to keep the premium if things turn for the worst whereas normally, if the option you buy doesn’t end up working out you just lose everything. And remember your long-term in the money call options will retain a good amount of their intrinsic value at least.  Of course, the whole idea is that the underlying asset will go up and at least move closer to your strike price overtime. This is like buying a regular leap but with extra steps because along the way, you have potential to make considerable income because of the premiums you collect.  If done correctly, and all goes well, you can exponentially grow your portfolio value really quickly with a lower risk than you would expect  Anyway, this was a bit of a oversimplification. I highly recommend you watch a YouTube video if you are interested. Yes I am aware of the other Greeks but I didn’t want to bring them up because this post is already long and complicated as it is.  EDIT: I replied to like 50 comments at this point. What I’m gonna do is just gather up the most commonly commented questions, and then answer them in future post. So please don’t get offended if I don’t respond to you here.,;,; 2024-01-21 13:16:19]
[We have come full circle! Time to buy MSFT.,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-24 21:48:10]
[MSFT ATVI deal?,;,; What will happen to the shares of ATVI (activision) which is currently at a mkt cap of 73 billion if MSFT (Microsoft) acquires them at 69.3 billion.  Will i get my shares sold out at a premium price ?,;,; 2023-10-06 11:33:58]
[$MSFT/$AAPL Plays. The spike and dip is from holding MSFT after earnings morning.,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-04 02:16:04]
[Is MSFT about to pop?,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-09 19:52:57]
[Since so many regards couldn’t figure out what they were looking at Friday I used a 🖍️ this time. MSFT 420.69 @ 4:20.,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-11 17:29:43]
[MSFT, after Ignite and OpenAI Dev Day...,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-17 13:48:41]
[MSFT is back. And He is King.,;,; You've been thinking it. I'm going to say it: MSFT is back. And he is King.  [MSFT so sexy](  I grew up on Windows and Excel. I was raised on that MS-DOS. I flipped those floppy disks. Those were the days. But then Google and Apple came. And I'm not gonna lie... I became a freak in the Google Sheets and Chromed out my whole compute stack. The iPhone was lit, and the Mac worked like a boss. They put my dude Microsoft to shame. Office 365 and Windows became a pain to use. Windows mobile and Internet Explorer were bad jokes. And rip that guy with the Zune tattoo. I had all but given up on my old friend Microsoft.  But then - I heard that musical trill from Back to the Future - and something amazing started to happen. My dude never gave up. He cut his losses. And he went open-source. VSCode stepped out onto the playground and rolled over Emacs and Vim like dogs. Github came on the team and started carrying. Azure DevOps got him sexy in the big leagues again. I even bought a Surface Duo to use as my phone... and now everywhere I go people stop me and demand to know who made my phone. Microsoft, folks. Microsoft made it.  Copilot hit the scene, and a crowd started to gather. MSFT saw OpenAI comin' up with GPT and took him right under his wing. And the impossible happened. Bing rolled over Google search, rolled him right over in public and took the high ground.   The GPT train has only just started rolling, bois and gals. And if you want to bet on the biggest swingin' dick in town to ride that bull... you better believe it's your boy MSFT Microsoft swingin' that hog. And I couldn't be more proud.   Y'know the bears are getting pretty weird these days. And for good reason. But I can tell you one thing. MSFT and I will be watching that mess from the moon.  🚀🌕 ✌️🤖✌️😎,;,; 2023-04-06 21:47:46]
[MSFT,;,; The way Microsoft has moved this week should I consider investing more next week or just let it go I’m a little bit new to the stock market. Any tips or books to read or things to watch would be great as well.,;,; 2023-04-28 21:01:03]
[$18k MSFT LEAPs Yolo,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-27 16:23:14]
[After Google and Msft earning Zuck be like,;,; ,;,; 2023-04-25 23:49:29]
[MSFT call options,;,; Earlier this year, I speculated that Microsoft would be flat for several months. Thus, I sold two covered call options on MSFT on 5/31 (MSFT was trading around $330), expiring 9/15 with a strike price of $350 for $10.95 each. Although MSFT peaked at $366.78 July 18th, it quickly retreated below $350 two days later and hasn't gotten close since. My cost basis on MSFT shares is very low, so even if they get called away, I'll still come out ahead. This was just a simple way to hedge my portfolio. Selling covered calls is a great way to protect a portfolio from downside risk when done correctly.,;,; 2023-09-13 17:49:23]
[MSFT Earnings Report,;,; Guys,  I joined the Microsoft Earnings call to try and get a feel of what’s going on at the company, but only just realized I’m too regarded to make meaning of anything they say. I heard them say something about Earnings per Share tho. Idk  Anyways I’m here to do my DD on MSFT(your comments). The big question is Puts or Calls?  God bless my money printer.,;,; 2023-04-25 21:55:21]
[Why I'm getting MSFT calls for earnings.,;,; Microsoft (MSFT) will report its third fiscal quarter (Q3) 2023 results today after the market closes. The report will cover the quarter from January 2023 to March 2023.  **Microsoft Earnings Expectation**  Revenues: $51.05 billion. 4% year-over-year growth but 4% lower than the previous quarter.  EPS: $2.23, no change from a year ago and 3.8% lower than Q2.  **What to watch for**  Out of the three business divisions, the Intelligent Cloud department has become Microsoft’s gold mine nowadays, contributing 40% of the group’s total revenue with sound and solid growth momentum. In the previous quarter, the cloud services’ revenue increased 18% while whole group’s revenue only added 2%.  For the to-be-reported quarterly earnings, Microsoft anticipated revenues from the Intelligent Cloud will keep increasing at the pace between 17% and 19% to a range of $21.7-$22 billion. However, Microsoft also flagged that Azure, the cloud computing platform that which is one of the main engines of the cloud business, would slow down its growing speed by 4 or 5 percentage points to near 30% in the fiscal third quarter, down from 46% in the same period last year.  Q2 FY23 Financial Summary:   **The laggard**  The downtrend in the global personal computing industry has accelerated in the past year. So did Microsoft’s PC business. In the six months ended December 31th, the revenue from the PC related business was down 11% YOY, while in the last three month, the yearly downfall rate was speed up to 19%.  The first quarter of this year has marked the fifth consecutive quarter of global PC sales decline. As such, it's not difficult to see that this hard-to-stop slide will further falter the demand for all the product line under the umbrella of Personal Computing. The used-to-be-proud King of the PC projected this sector's revenue for Q3 will be between $11.9 billion and $12.3 billion, indicating a 14%-17% decline from the same quarter last year.    **The AI Race**  The battlefield for the AI race has been set up and the smoke is getting intense.  Microsoft seemly led the way for now thanks to its shared commitment with OpenAI to build generative AI systems--ChatGPT has convinced the world in 2023 that, AI will become a topping layer of technology and prompt a new generation of “platform shift”.  Clearly, all the tech giants are not hesitated to go all-in in the AI race and are ready to thrive in this new age. Microsoft, despite racing inches ahead now, is facing the fiercest competition in decades. Alphabet, Google’s parent company, unveiled a similar AI function in March for Gmail, which is now used by 1.8 billion people around the world. Apple disclosed that 45% of its M&amp;A targets are AI-related compared to Microsoft’s 23% now. In terms of the bright minds, Meta has employed 23.5% of staff with AI skills while Microsoft’s ratio is 21.8%  Additionally, the ticket to the AI race is very costly. Microsoft has boosted its R&amp;D investment in the previous quarter by 18% to 6.8 billion, which, saw its net margin fell from 36% to 30% in the September quarter.  As Chairman and CEO of Microsoft Satya Nadella said in January: “The next major wave of computing is being born.” Microsoft is not shy with its ambition to be the king of the new wave, the challenge being, all its old foes are thinking the same.  **Microsoft Share Price**  Despite the bright limelight this year thanks to ChatGPT, Microsoft’s stock price didn’t enjoy extra shine compared to other tech titans. But the good news is the price has clearly bottomed out from the Nov-Jan low when the two-year-low was made.  Based on the weekly chat, the stock is currently attempting to challenge the August peak at around 291-296, a hurdle that could open the door to $300 psychological level if successfully conquered.  Conversely, if the break fails, any pullback should be supported by the 100-MA to preserve the bull-biased momentum. However, a fall below this level will risk further breaching the current ascending trajectory and increase the chance of a bear-reversal.  But the recent price movements are not going to play a role in whether it goes up or down tonight. I believe it would be smart to get calls for earnings. I think a MSFT call spread would be good. Buy the 4/28 280c and sell the 290c, which would cost about $277. You could be leaving with 3.6x gains if this goes well!,;,; 2023-04-25 19:46:47]
[MSFT call hold or nah?,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-20 18:32:16]
[The playlist before $MSFT earnings call is kinda nice!,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-30 21:59:30]
[MSFT$ has a AI showcase tomorrow, is it already priced in?,;,; The stock has just climbed all year, are they already part of the AI bubble or is this a good time for dailys   Not too much longer to likely a strong earnings with the Xbox Activision merger going through  Should I borrow all my roommates money and gamble on the AI bubble tomorrow?,;,; 2023-07-17 23:59:44]
[Sam Altman Fired From OpenAI, $MSFT Drops,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-17 21:55:17]
[MSFT: 280 received,;,; $280 Price Target Revealed  The AI arms race is about to get real.  Wedbush’s Daniel Ives’ comments ahead of the much-talked-about bot’s anticipated entrance into the Microsoft ecosystem.  “This OpenAI investment/strategic partnership which is likely in the $10 billion range is a game changer in our opinion for Nadella &amp; Co. as the ChatGPT bot is one of the most innovative AI technologies in the world today,” the 5-star analyst said.     GameChanger:   ChatGPT will also probably be integrated into Microsoft’s cloud services along with Azure, offering more “competitive threats” to the likes of Amazon and Google.   Clearly the Applications space is heavily dominated by MSFT.,;,; 2023-02-21 00:39:54]
[NVDA is worth 100B more than the entire US energy sector!,;,; Not saying anything about valuation, but that’s pretty telling. Of course that means that MSFT is worth about twice the entire US energy sector.,;,; 2024-02-06 15:51:23]
[It's not a joke. OpenAI destroyed itself in a single weekend.,;,; I'm just baffled how nobody in upper management noticed that the company had so many loyal people working, for a great CEO.  500/700 are mentally ready to leave openAI and a lot probably will.  Not to mention the cheap price for MSFT to basically fully takeover OpenAI.  I'm baffled.  Update: it's now 670 out of 770 that are ready to leave.  source:   ,;,; 2023-11-20 16:41:21]
[Bill Gates Would Be a Trillionaire if He Diamond Handed Microsoft | NextBigFuture.com,;,; At current MSFT market cap he would have been worth $1.26 trillion,;,; 2023-11-21 00:13:11]
[MSFT Next quarter guidance + revenue/eps growth,;,; 1)MSFT next quarter guidance: [  MSFT is amazing when it comes to giving guidance. They break down their revenue, expenses, and from here we can actually create an income statement.   2) MSFT next quarter income statement: [  I put a low and a high because MSFT gives us their estimates in ranges. This way you can see the more bullish/conservative numbers. I also this a 12-month EPS calculation here which is just the 4 most recent quarters except I'm using "forward" numbers because q1 2024 earnings has not yet happened.  3)MSFT has recently seen very low revenue growth and EPS growth: [  Their last quarter earnings was for their fiscal 2023 Q4. Now we have the full 2023 year of earnings and the growth was very very weak.  4) MSFT forward PE as well as historical PE: [  Forward PE is over 30+ with a weak year of growth. Not the best valuation atm, but we all know the rally has been fueled by AI optimism.  5) Don't forget about the Activision acquisition: [  This should make revenue and earnings numbers in the future look slightly better.   &amp;#x200B;  if for whatever reason you want the spreadsheet, I have it on google sheets which you can view here:  [  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-08-18 01:20:35]
[Msft put might have failed but spy poots got me back in!,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-25 14:36:23]
[Question about MSFT ATVI deal,;,; Question about MSFT ATVI deal  Hi all I’m a typical wsb regard so I can’t do basic math. That’s why I need your help. I’ve seen online that the msft atvi acquisition deal is $68.7B in cash valued at $95 a share. But with atvi outstanding shares at 782 million that doesn’t work out in my regarded 🧠. I know atvi have $6.4B in cash but wouldn’t that just work against the stock price? Like when msft pay $68.7B they get $6.4B in cash back and only $62.3B goes to the shareholders.   Help my smooth brian please.,;,; 2023-04-04 17:40:58]
[Not a bad day MSFT &amp; NVDA 0dte gain,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-26 15:07:18]
[Thanks $MSFT - Knew you’d come back for me 😛,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-18 17:02:36]
[How fucked am I after Christmas?,;,; Yolk’s my inheritance on 228 tsla puts 12/17, was up 200k but held right before fed talks so it imploded. Tried my hand at MSFT pits and this week was not kind, hit margin call and lost 18k. Here’s hoping next week saves my life.,;,; 2023-12-24 02:14:30]
[AI AI AI AI GAINS-AMD,MSFT,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-25 14:37:47]
[MSFT $10K (55%) Gain from Q3 Earnings &amp; AI Hype,;,; &amp;#x200B;    I bought OTM MSFT Calls near the end of March, betting the AI copium would continue. It started off well, but then the stock got caught in a range between $280-290 for several weeks, and I paper handed and pussied out. Then I decided to go balls back in the next day, waiting for earnings announcement. Stock sold off into earnings, so I was down a couple thousand before it released into the stratosphere. Thank you Nutella,;,; 2023-05-08 04:20:23]
[EU approves Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard, clearing huge hurdle. Bullish on ATVI and MSFT?,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-15 18:54:23]
[FTC to appeal judge's decision denying injunction against MSFT-ATVI merger,;,; [  Will be a wild ride tomorrow.  It's rare you get so many bites out of the same M&amp;A apple.,;,; 2023-07-13 00:32:13]
[Microsoft monster Revenue and EPS beat, f**k you I was right, this shit is systemic,;,; $MSFT earnings dropped:   Revenue:   $52.9B vs $51.02B expected  EPS:           2.45 vs 2.22 expected   Up 9% after hours so far  You guys, on this sub, told me I was regarded for doubling down all the time in the past year. Supposedly MSFT would have a decreasing revenue this year because “We iN a ResHEssIOn XbOX aNd clOUd IsnT gOnnA mAkE a beAt tHE stock itS WaaaaaYy OveRvalyUD”  So I repeat once and for all you regards, Nadella is always gonna win, recession? Priced in. War? Priced in. Meteorite on their HQ? F**king. Priced. In.  This shit is systemic by now. Microsoft is an ETF with only the most profitable businesses. Even the Activision deal is being revived ffs. All hail our new all-industry AI overlords.  Position: 42 shares, up 17%, but I’m keeping them to be left alone by ChatGPT when it takes over the world,;,; 2023-04-25 20:56:48]
[The next leg down has begun… 4-25-23 SPY/ ES Futures, and VIX Daily Market Analysis (MSFT and Goog Earnings bonus),;,; Well last week my price target was 409.19 SPY and 4116 ES and we have officially hit those levels!  &amp;#x200B;    Now that we have seen one day of this… I will be very curious to see how the VIX1D does EOD with correlation to the next day.   My next major target and potential source of a bounce on SPY is 405.2/ 4055 Futures.   **MSFT**  Really nice beat there on MSFT EPS and revenue wise pretty much a sweep across the board.     &amp;#x200B;    I did not play MSFT earnings as I just honestly generally do not play earnings… though I am considering a META and AMZN lotto play… but overall looks like MSFT is going to have a nice upside move. 292 will be a major upside weekly target and resistance for MSFT.   **GOOG**  &amp;#x200B;    Goog actually came in with a beat on EPS too and some pretty decent revenue beats… they also authorized an impressive 70 billion buyback too.   I actually would have expected a miss on google and this is its first beat on EPS since Q1 2022.   Puts clearly were not the play on Goog.   **SPY DAILY SUPPLY AND DEMAND**  &amp;#x200B;    Taking a look at daily supply and demand here I mentioned how with the way supply and demand has been moving lately I would not be surprised to see us immediately turn around today and turn demandt back into supply… that is exactly what we did… 412 demand now becomes 412.62 supply.   We also came all the way down and took our 409.73 supply finally. We did fall just short of 405.17 supply though.   If we continue this sell off tomorrow our target is 405.17 followed by a bigger eow and into next week sell off to 399.07 supply. If we can take out 399.07 supply then I would be more confident in a longer term and stronger bounce to the upside.   **SPY DAILY PRICE ACTION**  &amp;#x200B;    SPY officailly has broken out of the 15 day long range of 406.6 to 415.6 with todays close. Not only that we closed our first -1%+ day since March 22nd.   We also clsoed under the daily 20ema for the first time since March 23rd. One thing on SPY is it likes to back test the EMAs. Now I did think we could immediately turn around and reject that daily 8ema recovery from yesterday the bloody premarket made tahtjust a straight drop. We came dangerously close to hitting 405.2 today but we were not quite able to get there… I will be watching that level extremely close going forward.   If we can break through and CLOSE under 405.2 I feel fairly confident in a sell off down to that 399-400 area. However, IF the bulls can hard bounce us off 405.2 and potentailly turn 405.13 supply into demand then I actually would favor a push back up to 412-416 leading into FOMC.  I wouldn’t be totally surprised to see an upside push tomorrow to retest the daily 20ema resistance. As long as we close under that I would remain bearish going forward.   SPY Daily Levels    Supply- 405.1 -&gt; 399    Demand- 406.7 -&gt; 409.2    Support- 405.2 -&gt; 404.2    Resistance- 408.1 -&gt; 409.1 -&gt; 410.6     **FUTURES DAILY SUPPLY AND DEMAND**  &amp;#x200B;    Just like SPY futures immediately turned around and turned 4153 demand into supply (resistance) at 4157.  We did not take out any previous demands or supplies today but we did close below that key 4116 demand. We now have a fairly large gap in supply/ demand with downside target at 4040/4055. We also have a supply all the way down at 4015 that too needs to be taken out.   **FUTURES DAILY PRICE ACTION**  &amp;#x200B;    When I said that futures could immediately turn around and make 4160 a double top looking at the TOS chart that is exactly what I was talking about. Actually this is where my love hate relationship with TV forms as I love TV for ease of charting but its price action is “oof” sometimes… as you can see on TOS futures closed a confirmed 4157 double top but if you look below its not an actual double top on trading view.   &amp;#x200B;    Now the biggest thing here to note is that we too did break out and close below the 4113 to 4178 channel that we have been consolidating in for 15 days… With a break down like this on futures and spy we should 100% expect a bigger move to be had. Now prior to MSFT and GOOG earnings being released we actually were setting up for a closure under 4095 which is a majorly bearish movement.   I will look for a possible retest of the daily 20ema at 4125 tomorrow and then look for a continuation back and closure back under 4095. If bears can get this closed under 4095 I do for see that bigger push down to the daily 100/200ema at 4040/4055. However, IF bulls can bounce us off good earnings then there is a chance that we will see a push back to 4138 resistance before attempting to retest 4160-4198 area.   Futures Daily Levels    Supply- 4160 -&gt; 4055    Demand- 4116 -&gt; 4005    Support- 4095 -&gt; 4080    Resistance- 4118 -&gt; 4138 -&gt; 4160  **VIX**  &amp;#x200B;    The VIX had an impressive day today being up about 18% at one point. Now we always have to look at the WHY… why was the VIX pumping today and SPY dumping? Well FRC said it might sell up to 100 billion in assets… why does this matter? Well this shows that this banking crisis is far from over… Markets needed a reason to sell and we might have gotten that reason finally…  Now we did see a pretty sizeable drop on the VIX by EOD but if we continue to see more banking issues we very well might see continuation to the downside despite what the big tech earnings do this week.   &amp;#x200B;    Whats actually interesting to me today is that probability of a 25bps rate hike next week dropped from about 88% to 77% today… people are now beginning again to think that JPOW is going to pause because of the banking crisis. 📷  Even more wild is that we are beginning to price in a CUT in June already (this of course assumes we get a 25 bps hike next week).  **DAILY TRADING LOG**  &amp;#x200B;    I had a field trip with my daughter today so I wasn’t able to trade but I was able to close my long term 405 puts pretty much at the LOD. I wouldn’t have minded holding these but being OTM and I was heavy in these I wanted to close and reposition.   I am now in July 21st (87dte) 408 puts… my ultimate target for these is 399-400. IF we happen to get a rogue rip back to 415 I will happily average down there again.   Looking forward to trading the rest of the week. I am already sitting just below my weekly profit goal.,;,; 2023-04-25 20:53:05]
[YTD Performance of the S&amp;P 500 &amp; NASDAQ vs. the Magnificent 7 (Apple $AAPL, Microsoft $MSFT, Google $GOOGL, Amazon $AMZN, Nvidia $NVDA, Tesl,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-28 19:46:31]
[Top 10 S&amp;P 500 companies by market cap weighting since 1980. MSFT is the reining champ for persistence.,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-09 15:16:18]
[my MSFT 19/1/24 call is up 350% today,;,; should i sell it or wait... theres a while left but msft just went up like 5% and reached its new high. Should i pull it out or nah lmao help,;,; 2023-07-18 16:42:56]
[ChatGPT 4 and MSFT - Bulls Get Ready,;,; GPT-4 is a new and improved language model that is being developed by a company called OpenAI. This model is expected to be much better than its predecessor, GPT-3. The launch date for GPT-4 has not been suspected to start next week, and people are excited about the new capabilities that it might have.  GPT-4 is expected to be better at understanding and processing natural language, which means it might be able to answer more complex questions and generate more accurate responses. It could also have the ability to create videos from text, which would be a big step forward in the field of AI.  Microsoft is reportedly working with OpenAI to develop GPT-4, and this partnership could benefit both companies. For example, Microsoft might be able to use GPT-4 to improve its chatbots and virtual assistants, which could make them more helpful and engaging for users. Microsoft might also be able to use GPT-4 to automate the video production process, which could save time and effort.  Overall, GPT-4 could be a big step forward for the field of AI, and Microsoft's collaboration with OpenAI could help it stay competitive in this rapidly evolving field.,;,; 2023-03-12 22:33:17]
[Time to short GOOG and long MSFT? (ChatGPT tech now integrated in windows 11 search bar),;,; I wonder how much search traffic/ad revenue Google will lose thanks to Microsoft bringing chatGPT powered search to Windows 11 search bar.  This was just announced in microsoft blog as of available today with win 11 update….   Will this impact Google’s current quarter?  Next one?   Google is preparing bart, but if people will not even open a browser to start searching, the drop on google search volume might be substantial.   What do you think?  Bought a couple of goog jan 24 50 put to test my thesis.   Source:  2023-03-01 01:36:55]
[Microsoft Announces ChatGPT-4 release next week ($MSFT),;,;  The website "interestingengineering.com" published an article on ChatGPT-4 on July 23, 2021, where it speculated on potential improvements and capabilities of the model. Some of these improvements could include enhanced natural language processing, better creativity, and problem-solving abilities, as well as increased personalization and improved multi-lingual capabilities.  The exact details and specifications of ChatGPT-4 are unknown as it is still in the development phase, and the model's release date remains unannounced. However, it is expected to build on the capabilities of its predecessor, ChatGPT-3, which is known for its ability to generate human-like text, translate languages, and even create music and artwork.  Overall, ChatGPT-4 has the potential to further advance the field of artificial intelligence and open up new possibilities for natural language processing, machine learning, and human-machine interaction.  As an AI language model, ChatGPT-4 will likely be an even more advanced version of me, ChatGPT-3, with improvements in performance and capabilities. Here are some potential things ChatGPT-4 might be able to do:  1. Improved language processing: ChatGPT-4 could be better at understanding and processing human language than its predecessors. It may be able to understand more complex sentence structures, nuances of language, and contextual cues. 2. Enhanced creativity: ChatGPT-4 might be capable of generating more creative and original content, such as music, art, and poetry. 3. Better problem-solving: With increased computing power, ChatGPT-4 could be more adept at solving complex problems, such as mathematical equations, scientific hypotheses, or even philosophical debates. 4. Increased personalization: ChatGPT-4 may be able to personalize its responses to individual users based on their past interactions, preferences, and behaviors. 5. Improved multi-lingual capabilities: ChatGPT-4 could be better at translating between different languages, allowing for more seamless communication between people who speak different languages.  Of course, these are just some possibilities for what ChatGPT-4 might be capable of. The exact capabilities of the model will depend on the advances in AI technology and the specific design and training of the model.  Firstly, MSFT is investing heavily in AI and machine learning, and ChatGPT-4 could be a significant advancement in these fields. By improving the model's language processing, personalization, and problem-solving abilities, Microsoft could use ChatGPT-4 to develop new products and services that could enhance their existing offerings or create entirely new revenue streams.  Secondly, MSFT is a major player in the cloud computing industry, and AI models like ChatGPT-4 require significant computing resources to train and operate. By developing more advanced AI models, Microsoft could attract more customers to their cloud computing services, which could result in increased revenue for the company.  Thirdly, AI models like ChatGPT-4 are trained on vast amounts of data, and Microsoft has access to significant amounts of data from its products and services, such as Bing, Office 365, and LinkedIn. By using this data to train ChatGPT-4, Microsoft could potentially gain insights and improve its offerings further, giving them a competitive advantage over other companies.  Overall, ChatGPT-4 could benefit MSFT by enabling them to develop new products and services, attracting more customers to their cloud computing services, and gaining insights from their vast data sets.  &amp;#x200B;  written by ChatGPT, edited by a regard,;,; 2023-03-10 17:12:28]
[$875 - $490k in 2 months,;,; Hello fellow regards.  I am the degen regard with the $52k MSFT calls (sold for 160k).  Everyone has been asking, so i will give the full story the best i can and to the point. Loss &amp; gain porn and dopamine highly fluctuated recently.  Screenshots showing starting, all time low, and currently. (Robinhood fked up and doesnt show %, and shows -37k instead of 875 cause theres a 38k withdrawl from yesterday pending).  TLDR: I gambled my life savings during the last 2 years, going from $217k account to just $875 2 months ago, gained 56,000% since then, currently at 490k. Im 26yr old.  2017 - Feb, 7 2021: Starting investing with robinhood in 2017 and would deposit money pretty often, learned about options (shocker) and hit a high of 274k in Feb of 2021 (total deposits 217k).  2021 - March 20, 2023: Trading options, meme stocks,  and tech earnings led to me losing more than 99% of my account by March 20. I actually had $375 and deposited $500 that day.   March 20 - Today Began trading 0DTE QQQs and weekly AMZN and TSLA swings both calls and puts.  Yesterday i bought like 200k worth of QQQ weekly calls and 100 MSFT 280 calls ($60k) in the morning to cash on the earnings run up and sell before close, because i promised i wouldnt play earnings again (shocker #2)... Anyway i was down 34% and decided to sell.. i put in the order and only 12 calls sold, i canceled it and decided to ride earnings overnight. Woke up and sold it for $160k after market and sold the QQQ calls, account was 458k when i sold.  Right after selling i bought $10k META puts to play earnings and i bought over $275k of 3DTE and weekly QQQ Puts. My account is sitting at 506k now, running up over 57,800% since March 20, 2023.  Bottom line: Im regarded, and i got lucky asf. Dont go trying to chase a $ without expecting to lose it all. Trust ur gut (mine usually sucks..) and remember to stay Regarded!!,;,; 2023-04-26 17:13:49]
[Cucked by Jerome -$10,000,;,; Microsoft had stellar earnings and decided to dump. Jerome Powell finished the rest of my positions off. Going all cash and back to the grind.,;,; 2024-01-31 19:54:40]
[Who’s ready to burn their life savings this week,;,; Calls on MSFT, META, and AMZN.  Puts on AMD and GOOG.,;,; 2024-01-28 18:56:09]
[Microsoft Becomes The Most Valuable Company In The World,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-16 14:55:27]
[Sam Altman Likely to Return as OpenAI CEO - What will be the Board Fallout and What Might that Signal to the Markets?,;,; I do have an MSFT position FYI.  I believe that Sam is most likely going to return as CEO of OpenAI. Seemingly there was a rift between a neoliberal faction self-described of "Effective Altruism" (EA) and another faction (Sam's POV) Effective Acceleration i.e.(Get to market quick) The latter is just everyday business life but the important questions are: Does acceleration benefit everyone involved such as MSFT and OpenAI?  Is Microsoft's bet safe now or do they need to get their ass on the board and make sure that they are well positioned going forward?  Do they get a crisis resolution bounce tomorrow morning?  Also, to the CNBC "[Big Tech Analysts]( that came online and wrote OpenAI and Microsoft dead... This is for you Alex Kantrowitz. Daddy $MSFT got this.   lol So many questions and what a hell of a weekend!,;,; 2023-11-19 21:44:48]
[I was laughing at the loss porn of the traders who bought $AMD calls at the ATH and did the same on $MSFT before it dumped :(,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-02 02:08:16]
[Bears are officially dead,;,; Hate to say it, but the fed seems like they are doing a good job. We might be in for 8 years of Bull market ahead of us.  Seriously, at this rate, we might see apple at 300, Msft 600, NVIDA 700, Amazon at 350, spy 490.  No turning back now. Market doesn’t seem to give a shit about bond yield curve or credit card debt (let’s be honest it’s or like people with credit card debt invest anyway).  It’s a bittersweet moment for me . I give up. But once a bear always a bear . Will wait for a pull back now maybe.. maybe buy shares of spy 420 if it comes to it and start buying calls.  Congrats to the bulls . Y’all have won. Bears time go into hibernation and wait for whatever pull back the market might offer us.,;,; 2023-07-12 15:01:50]
[Microsoft P/E multiple is 38x and almost reached record highs of late 2021. What is next?,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-30 16:44:48]
[Default fear is bullshit and any dip that occurs is buyable,;,; The US will absolutely not default, they’ll go back and forth in Congress, bullshit everyone with the media, cause a little scare, but they won’t default. We have Russia on the ropes, draining their manpower and economic power with this little proxy war in Ukraine, we’re still seizing oil fields in Syria, and we’ve got big problems in little China aka Africa. Geopolitically speaking, there’s too much shit going on for the powers that be to even think of defaulting. What we will do is go find more oil fields to seize, dictators to overthrow, and more guns, drugs, and money to trade using the CIA and some third world ass warlords. Can’t stop, won’t stop. Toby Keith might even write a new song.   Any dip that occurs from this absolute steaming pile of bull shit is nothing but a buying opportunity.  EDIT: the play as I see it- thinking of buying FAZ, puts on KBWB, buying TBT, and/or SPY 390P for second half of June. I’ll decide by Monday. I did well with TBT before when rates were moving higher about a year ago.   Once the dip of the dippity dip happens, calls/long anything SPY, big tech. Probably gonna buy more MSFT, AAPL, GOOG, etc.,;,; 2023-05-13 13:38:43]
[The EU wants to gangbang Goog,;,; BizInzider says that the EU is thinking about asking google to split their ad stuff out.    Not sure it will come to pass but sure can't be good even in jest.  First they lose the ai run to OpenAI &amp; MSFT and NVDA, now their ad biz is gonna get screwed...,;,; 2023-06-14 13:36:45]
[Microsoft P/E ratio is 38x, not far from pandemic all-time highs. Unsustainable with current interest rates.,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-16 23:33:40]
[1k into 42k in 1 month options trading!,;,; \*Positions that got me here\* ADBE calls ,CCL calls earnings play tomorrow and next week both in my previous post, Tesla shares long term hold. AMD/MSFT calls the day before NVDA earnings a few weeks ago.  Turning 1k into 42k in under a month just from options.   2023-06-15 03:31:14]
[You Are Not Serious People,;,; You aren’t serious people and should not be taken seriously.  You had money for chicken wings but didn’t have money for:  - GOOG @ $85  - TSLA @ $101  - MSFT @ $215  - NVDA @ $115  - NFLX @ $170  - AAPL @ $125  But I am sure your extensive experience, schooling, and macroeconomics backgrounds should have solidified your SPY and QQQ put FDs.   The only consistent thing in your life is how wrong you are.   Pack up your bags and get a decent job and contribute to your retirement into the S&amp;P.   You played yourself. NGMI. It’s Over.   Seriously and don’t be weird abot it.  Edit: your charts and lines are shit. Stop it.,;,; 2023-06-07 00:05:32]
[Are we one generation away?(Who’s still here when we rooted for MSFT in 2020 prior to Covid),;,; ,;,; 2023-05-01 20:12:23]
[Give it to me straight..,;,; No sugarcoating, no hopium, just honesty: Is there any way that all of the brokers glitched up and showed the WRONG results for MSFT? Like maybe instead of going down the price was actually going up but there was a bug in the algorithm? Or maybe the MM’s fucked up? Any chance that the market can completely reverse itself by 9:30 AM tomorrow? And what are the odds that MSFT can announce Windows 12 and put this all behind?     It’s gotta be like 50/50. No fucking way in hell Microsoft opens this low tomorrow. Wanna hear your thoughts.,;,; 2023-07-25 23:42:42]
[Best videogame I've ever played,;,; Started with 1k, grew it on the backs of Embraer, dogecoin and Adobe. Got pot committed to Activision when they missed some release dates, toxic work environment, etc... kept buying the dips. Lucked out when they announced msft was buying them (3dte), up to 40k. With more than 25k in the account I was able to get real smart real fast. Lost some. Learned some lessons. Took out 20k on advice gleaned from wsb, turned the remaining 22k into 4k because I'm super smartig.   Now I've got my very pedestrian portfolio somewhat going in the right direction. Up. And to the right. Maybe better for the journey?   Now that I've posted this I'll be back with the Zupruder film of it tanking. Back. And to the left.   Thoughts? Advice? Keep on keeping on? Boring, milquetoast, waste of a post and nice way to afford a 10 year old BMW?,;,; 2023-08-27 08:48:49]
[Combined, Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, Nvidia, and Meta make up over 25% of S&amp;P 500, totaling $10 trillion in value,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-29 16:55:23]
[Is the stock market broken again?,;,; Cathy woods and Palentir are up. Gain posts are out numbering loss posts. People are blowing up their accounts… and actually recovering them?? The sub feels more active, seems like more regard money is entering the market.   Feels like the good ole days of 2021 where we were shooting fish in a barrel. I paid my option’s tuition then, hoping I learned some lessons to take advantage of regard season.  Positions: TSLA $320C 8/18 MSFT $350C 7/21,;,; 2023-06-18 17:20:08]
[Hey $googl, thank you. ~400% gain one day. Holding longer.,;,; I am a huge google fan girl. Woke up yesterday morning and read the event schedule 2 hours before they went live. Decided they were probably going to clap back at $msft and went all in as a bull. I normally.am a bear so this felt pretty rare for me. Feeling good this morning. Cashed out 4k and I pushed out positions for longer. Expecting them to get to 130 personally.,;,; 2023-05-11 16:10:38]
[BIG WEEK AHEAD,;,; We have Fed speak and six significant earnings reports with forward guidance this coming week.  My thoughts:  JPOW &amp; Committee has no reason at all to do six rate cuts this year so far.  Too bad - the economy would boom otherwise.  He won’t declare victory and most likely will remain cautious.  I think the market needs to get over the Fed and move on.      Tuesday the fun begins:  MSFT -  red hot!   The tunes are full blast - can they dance?   They have three businesses to report on plus AI.  Microsoft 365, Asure cloud, &amp; personal computing- XBOX, Bing, Surface, and Activision.  Their yoy earnings is expected to increase 19%.  They been pushing AI close to two years now - show me the money!  Would like to see  yoy revenue growth of at least 25% based on their price. I think they are over bought.    GOOGL -  is expected to grow earnings by 53% to roughly $ 1.61.  Let’s see how search and YouTube does.  Maybe they have a new AI story to tell.  Over bought I think.     AMD -  is expected to grow earnings by 12% to roughly $0.77.   It’ll be about forward guidance I believe.   I like what I hear about the 8000G processors with lower power graphics and innovative content creation capabilities.   They have a strong story as well with their neural processing unit(NPU) Ryzen A for PC’s. Over bought but will continue to kick ass I think.  Thursday:  AAPL - is expected to grow earnings 12% with flat yoy revenue.  Really don’t see any surprise to the upside.  Heard the Apple Pro Vision isn’t gaining any app’s on Netflix’s.    Really no growth story so far.  Sell.   AMZN -big Q upcoming.   They need to demonstrate they can make big money.  They are expected to grow earnings from $0.03 to 0.79/share.  Use them a lot - we’ll see.  Meta - expected to grow earnings by 66% to $5 roughly.  Meta plans to have 350,000 Nvidia H100 chips to drive its data centers &amp; AI by end of 2024. Year of efficiency is over I think.     I’m hoping for a flat week, but do have puts on MSFT &amp; APPL.   My opinion only.   Your thoughts!,;,; 2024-01-28 05:28:20]
[11k gain from Microsoft earnings,;,; 3k to 14k, held a bit too long cus greed, learned my lesson to sell at open. Bought cus of earnings and low as fuck expected for eps and revenue(lower than their last report). Was an easy beat, thx to all the bears who chipped in puts for this gain you absolute regards.,;,; 2023-04-26 13:38:35]
[Trying to recoup my loss: Day 1,;,; Sold my C3.ai calls way too early and only profited 30% instead of 160% at its peak, then dumped the rest into MSFT and BABA calls.  I have a PDT restriction, so I’m pretty much forced to see my trades through and not pussy out.,;,; 2023-12-08 22:25:29]
[NVDA in Shambles,;,; Similar to tech stocks such as AAPL, MSFT, etc, NVDA is also reaching its long-awaited resistance zone around $277 - $280 and the last time this occurred was in November of 2021 before it faced a 3-month massacre.     With earnings in about a month and a half, we more than likely will see either a small double top and/or retest before slowly seeing it drift off into a short-term bearish habitat. From there, it will be in the hands of Jensen Huang to showcase the performance of his company on May 24th.  [$NVDA 4h timeframe | yellow box depicts a common support\/resistance region]( 2023-04-08 19:10:26]
[Hello Earnings Season,;,; Earnings season has arrived. Some of you may say, oh why did the stock fall...they beat expectations, they gave great guidance, blah blah blah..  Last quarter, Google fell down to $121 (-10%) because analysts weren't satisfied with cloud growth which missed marginally...well that's what they say.  The quarter before MSFT fell down by 5% (the same MSFT that is now at $400) because of capex associated with AI investments...well that's what they say.   My point is- it doesn't make sense. You can be absolutely right (Dish Guy a.k.a Legend) and then be proven wrong, or be completely wrong and then be proven right. You are in Vegas and on a bad day, in Macau. Goodluck.,;,; 2024-01-25 22:58:36]
[Microsoft on all-time-high, but stock buyback on 5-year low. Who is buying this rally? 😀,;,; ,;,; 2023-11-21 22:12:01]
[IRS says Microsoft owes an additional $29 billion in back taxes,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-11 20:35:06]
[Nancy Pelosi's $100M Stock Portfolio,;,; We all know Queen Nancy has made a killing in the market (an estimated $50M (almost) since she started filing her trades in 2008)    But all of her gains basically come from AAPL and V, both of which she was buying way back in 2008.    The rest of her current holdings are as follows:  |Ticker|Value|% of Portfolio|Profit| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |AMZN|$9.6M|12.4%|\-$2.2M| |MSFT|$7.7M|10%|$1.9M| |GOOG|$6.6M|8.5%|$1.1M| |CRM|$3.6M|4.7%|$270k| |AB|$2M|2.6%|$71k| |DIS|$1M|1.4%|\-$900k| |NFLX|$1M|1.3%|\-$68k| |AXP|$880k|1.1%|$400k| |CMCSA|$800k|1%|$500k| |MORN|$650k|0.8%|$550k| |CRWD|$565k|0.7%|\-$80k| |TSLA|$500k|0.7%|\-$400k| |IBKR|$475k|0.6%|$300k| |SQ|$375k|0.5%|$330k| |PYPL|$372k|0.5%|\-$1.3M| |DBX|$217k|0.3%|\-$81k| |RBLX|$210k|0.3%|\-$988k| |T|$193k|0.2%|\-$80k| |WBD|$37k|0%|\-$21k| |CLNE|$20k|0%|\-$25k|  And her most recent trade was losing a bunch of money on RBLX lol   2023-02-22 15:16:25]
[A few days of green changes nothing about the impending recession and market collapse,;,; All of the memes and jokes about how "the bears were wrong, the market is booming" changes nothing. There are foolproof indicators of a recession on the horizon and those denying it are in denial.  The yield curve is inverter, the unemployment and jobs rates are taking an absolute sh\*t this month, you cant even rely on easy win stocks like MSFT and TSLA at this point, every investment you make loses money.   All the facts show, it's time to cash out and stick your money in an HYSA and ride out the storm. ,;,; 2023-11-17 04:29:05]
[WTF is going on? (AAPL),;,; No seriously, it’s actually crazy how no one is talking about the fact that Apple is potentially in a highly dangerous position due to the Anti-Trust lawsuit against Google. You regards realize that this doesn’t just have implications for Google but will most likely seriously fuck up Apple too if the deal between them to default Google as a search engine is ruled as anticompetitive?  Apple nets $10-$20 BILLION a year just from setting Google as a default on devices and its browsers, and even if the district court doesn’t go nuclear and void the agreement, kneecapping Apple’s profits back to the stone age, it could demand that Apple pay out some or all of the money earned through that deal to competing search engines.   Sure guys, Apple will still be Apple, and the technocrats in the courts will continue to suck off corporations, but it’s not like there isn’t precedent for Antitrust even if it’s been a while since such a high profile case. MSFT 20 years ago, Google/Apple now, don’t be surprised and don’t say I didn’t tell you so.,;,; 2023-09-14 02:53:48]
[Who's got the biggest???,;,; Well, I don't know how many of you noticed but you all should have:   AAPL mkt cap is currently 2.951 T/USD  ([   MSFT mkt cap is currently 2.817 T/USD ([  Now obviously it's not just a regular competition between 2 big companies. That's the biggest competition in the world.    Now this showdown can go either way, though I have real doubt about MSFT capability to steal the crown. In the words of the great Buffet - They simply don't have a big enough moat.     Strategically speaking  - something's gonna break. If we believe AAPL gonna keep the title, either MSFT gonna drop back to \~2.6T or AAPL rally to \~3.2T to open a gap.     what you guys think?,;,; 2023-11-29 17:59:23]
[443% 1 month gain,;,; From $2,748 on 10/31 to $17,074 today, trading options on: KRE, MSFT, QQQ, SPY, TQQQ, SPXL   2023-12-01 19:15:15]
[How Microsoft Makes Money [OC],;,; Bull or bear on Microsoft?  Microsoft shares reported earnings per share of $2.99 and a revenue of $56.5B, surpassing estimates of $2.65 and $54.5B respectively.   The company's Intelligent Cloud segment experienced a 19% growth, producing $24.3B in revenue, and Azure's revenue alone jumped 29% during the quarter.   Additionally, Microsoft's recent $68.7B acquisition of Activision Blizzard will play a role in next quarter's earnings.  The company is heavily investing in AI, with CEO Satya Nadella emphasizing its integration across the company’s tech stack.   This commitment to AI has led to the launch of generative AI-powered Copilot apps for various Microsoft products, designed to boost productivity.  Microsoft previously indicated that AI would not yield significant results until after the start of 2024.   However, Azure's growth is already being influenced by generative AI, helping to outpace expectations.   Overall, the company anticipates a sales increase of up to 8.7% in the upcoming quarter, surpassing analyst forecasts.  Sources:         2023-10-31 18:03:25]
[This market is doomed,;,; So MSFT saved the market, then META saved the market. At least that's what media and general market seems to be saying. Then why is S&amp;P even after market tonight below the close going into MSFT?  So many parts of this market are broken and just making new lows every week. Here are a list of my observations:  - SCHD high dividend ETF is -5% YTD. supposed to be boring low beta stocks  - S&amp;P industrials red YTD - S$P energy red YTD - S&amp;P financials super red YTD - S&amp;P healthcare super red YTD - GOOG red after what was billed as good earnings  - URI, a large equipment rental company, in line with estimates today and down 7% in AH  - DOW transports index down 7% in 2 days   Maybe QQQ gets another retest of highs on earnings but seems destined to go down. The 6 month - 2 year Treasury inversion over -1% now and straight down the last week.   I'm shorting pops now.,;,; 2023-04-27 01:16:52]
[All in.,;,; (Second time posting, because my other one got taken down ) I opened these positions last week. Risky, but nothing compared to what other have been posting. I am all in on Microsoft calls. My general strategy is a pmcc strategy. I choose Microsoft because it’s well, msft. I’ll update the progress on my profile at least once a month (and here if it’s allowed).,;,; 2024-01-20 16:14:44]
[MSFTs Open Ai will raise funds with valuation of $100B,;,; Get ready nerds, once the dump happens after holidays,  Tell your grandma to by MSFT calls  Source -  2023-12-22 21:24:55]
[Lost $35,000 in 3 months and $8,000 in 1 day but I’m going to get out of this,;,; I decided to explore options in may/ June with about $250. Made a few tens of dollars and once I saw the potential I dropped $2500 into my brokerage and doubled it within 2 weeks. My portfolio was at 6k but I wasn’t satisfied with the dollar amount. Next few days, I evaporated the profits. However, I wasn’t done.  In the beginning of the 2nd month I dropped 20 grand in my brokerage after realizing I need more capital to make a significant amount in this game. At this point, I kinda got the gist of options and majority of my setups/ predictions were hits. I started focusing on psychology. I knew from the start that this was a lot of people’s kryptonite so I binged Mark Douglas and other trading psychology videos. Slowly but surely I became profitable again(all time) on my portfolio with MSFT swings when they announced copilot 365 pricing.  Your biggest loss is always right after your biggest win. I knew I was about to snap these gains into nothingness but didn’t know what to do about it. I damn near lost it all in earnings plays. Literally all my earnings picks flopped…hard. NTFLX, TSLA, it almost felt targeted like the market was waiting on my next move.  From the day that I lost more than 10 bands in MSFT earnings, my account saw more reds than a Manchester United jersey. I’m talking BACK TO BACK red days. My account went from 30 grand to 10k in less than 2 WEEKS. I started trading 0DTEs to get my money back quickly… no chance! The whole of August was…RED, the reversals were straight up ungodly. I was losing 50% of my portfolio with 6k in buying power. I wanted to experience what a tilt was sooner than later but I didn’t know it would last this long and demolish 95% of my portfolio. That 10k turned into 800 in the blink of an eye. My mental health was in the trenches but I knew this was part of the process. My portfolio was in shambles, so I had to reup with 10 bands. I decided to play NVIDIA straddles as my last card with earnings and what do you know? It also flopped.  Fast forward, September, I made consistent profits by scalping. Little profits, but profits regardless. My mentality was/ is break even is better than a red day. Last month I had only 4 red days and ended the month green, where each day was either break even or profit. My main goal was to not have any red days rather than make money.  However, this first week of October was just not my week. Stress and frustration got to me. Monday, my devices were lagging and I missed out on my play of the day. Then I rushed into something else and ended up having to scramble to break even when it should’ve been an easy green day. Slightly worse on Tuesday, I caught the top of the market’s INSANE dump for puts but my order was rejected(for the first time ever) and I missed out. Barely slept for Wednesday and the same thing from Monday happened and I had to break even.  Thursday was just the perfect setup for what would happen on Friday. I made 1k first 2 hrs of market open and I started feeling that “gains High”(y’all know what I’m talking about). As I was journaling my daily P/L I saw I could even out 1k gain to be a specific number like $1,100 instead of $1,080 or whatever I was about to journal 😂. So I quickly entered SPY 0dtes to make 20 bucks. 2hrs later, the 1k profit went down to 250. I usually trade weeklies, so I only ever use 0Dtes to make back money from a losing trade. I ended the day with one of the weirdest feelings I’ve ever felt. I still felt high from the 1k win but ALSO a cloud of shock and disbelief that I gave 800 back trynna make 20 bucks. Come Friday(yesterday), I wasted absolutely no time to revenge trade. Entered Tesla &amp; Nvda puts as early as I could. Decided to not only double down but more than quadruple down. Just seeing the money casually float away like a canoe to the horizon but I was too uneasy to help myself. My hope was that the last time I sold a losing trade 2 weeks ago, it went deep in the money and I would’ve turned 400 to 15k. But all 3 of my strategies expired worthless.  Even though it’s hard to grip any handle of hope, I feel like I have to face the music at this point. My previous routine was scalping aggressively with a super tight stop loss of less than 1%. Even with my tight stop losses, Risking 60% of my port for 3% gain was simply not sustainable. What I need to do now is to be more selective and trade less AND still keep my stop loss. I refuse to let the market defeat me. I’m down $30,000+ but I still have 2500 to make that back. My biggest hurdle is ignoring my previous losses and treating this account like a brand new one. Making 300 a day is hard to appreciate when you know you’re down more than 30k. I might do monthly updates or just post when I make a million bucks depends on what y’all say in the comments lmao.   TLDR: Been trading for 5 months. Made $4,000 in one day in July and Went on tilt in August and lost 25k from earnings, 0DTE SPY &amp; QQQ then revenge traded this week and lost 1.5 months of hard work.,;,; 2023-10-08 02:28:25]
[Lumen $LUMN Insider &amp; Big Boys Buying Spree Post Dividend Halt, Kate Johnson &amp; Co. Personally Buying the Dip,;,; 25 days ago [u/MobyDick4Real]( posted about a [possible Lumen acquisition]( which caught my attention, and looked into it a bit further. (LUMN already up \~27% since).  I'm not sure if this company is being prepared for an acquisition but I am sure it's **not about leggings**. But it does look like at least something is cooking. There have been some acquisition rumors on X as well.  Kate Johnson (former MSFT president) recently bought over 1M shares personally after a 90% share price drop since halting all dividends. She is not the only insider buying, while there are no new sales.  [LUMN Insider Buying](  Then there are the institutions; 24 of the 25 top holders are holding or buying (some in quite big numbers).  [LUMN Q3 25 biggest institutions buying](   What's the play? ,;,; 2024-01-05 14:32:16]
[Anyone beat SPY or QQQ return on last 5yrs?,;,; I just realized on my 401k account if I invest bi weekly into spy or qqq . It probably have better return on last 5yrs.  Make sense when top ten holding in spy or qqq have Aapl msft nvdia tsla goog etc .,;,; 2023-09-06 03:34:42]
[QQQ Puts ♨️♨️♨️♨️,;,; Okay fellow regards, here's my play going into Monday.  I've been digging for a reason not to do this trade and I just can't find one. SP500 insiders have been selling off like crazy. The top 7 or 8 companies in the QQQ are trending down to test critical resistance or already at it.  AAPL - MSFT - META are all gonna go flat, while AMZN and NVDA still have some to give. TSLA... shilit that's a different animal, I'm not touching that one... and GOOG? Well the magic rock says, "this is the time but puts on Google she's going to go test $135 and if it pushes through, there's no critical support till the low 120's." I'm not kidding my magic rock said all of that...  Oil has been on the rise since July, and our government is to cancel Alaska oil/NG leases issued under trump era. Job opening/hires are down about 3% while unemployment is up 8.8%. Inflation and rates aren't stopping, they're just delayed. Like I said the more you dig, the more this makes sense. If anyone can talk me out of this before Monday please get at me on the comments..  As always, there's a chart with crayons for the mouth breathers. Tossed in a spot gamma chart for those of you with half a brain. And before I get the "mY cHaRt dOesN'T lOok Like tHaT". draw your chart and put your money where your mouth is. I will be looking for a QQQ $371 strike put x 10 entry Monday morning as long as nothing crazy happens in premarket. Enjoy the rest of your weekend, your DD is all done.,;,; 2023-09-17 03:02:52]
[Arbitraging the AI potential misspriced in some stocks that will become the leaders,;,; **GOOGLE**I have been very bullish on Google given MSFT stock performance but for some reason the market has been lagging. MSFT has been driven up, up and up based on Sam Altman, Open AI, GPT, and AI, AI, AI. The Bing supposedly takeover of Google Search was a FIASCO, won't happen.  Google's Deep Mind is another level. Not a generative text bullshitting your prompts. Google is the only actor that has been serious on AI since 2015. Now they are proving to you - have you seen the Gemini AI release? [Google launches its largest and ‘most capable’ AI model, Gemini](  Google should be trading in the 160$ range by now - But it's ok, market is lagging.  Ignore AI, google without AI is the best tech business you can buy.  **AMD**  Just anounced: [Meta and Microsoft say they will buy AMD’s new AI chip as an alternative to Nvidia’s](  It is a matter of time that NVIDIA loses its momentum. It was nice to see a 1200% YoY revenue growth - that's really impresive. But... AMD and other actors want a piece of that cake, NVIDIA won't be able to eat it alone for longer. Chip buyers are already feeling the supply shortage or overprice in their pockets so they are looking for alternatives. AMD is the next best player known, right?  AMD hasn't rallied like NVIDIA. It is still trading as pre-AI thing.  &amp;#x200B;  These are the 2 most clear companies that you can buy at a fair to cheap valuation. I am not touching MSFT, nor NVIDIA, nor APPLE at this valuation. Either AMZN, AMD or GOOGL run a 2x from current level or the other 3 mentioned have a correction of 30% to 40%.  Not a financial advice. Good luck.,;,; 2023-12-07 14:06:11]
[Why is apple trending at ATH?,;,; Given that apple hasn't jumped into the AI train and haven't promised anything in the coming quarters, why is the stock being pumped like other AI stocks.   Atleast $goog, $msft and $meta are continuously innovating with AI what has apple done differently to be at ATH?  Is it just the fear that you never bet against Apple?,;,; 2023-12-13 21:59:47]
[How are you playing earnings this week ? And how I’m going undefeated on earnings this week,;,; Monday Frc $15 calls…..taking that double up and putting it all in on …..  Tuesday - MCD $285 puts and MSFT $270 puts once I quadruple up on those I’m going all in on……  Wednesday - meta $200 puts and TDOC $23 puts once I’m 10 balls bagging deep there I’m going all in on   Thursday - AMZN $102 puts once I’m filthy rich there all in on   Friday - XOM $120 calls,;,; 2023-04-23 18:28:29]
[80% on the year for 2023, wonder if Buffet needs a new #2.,;,; &amp;#x200B;  [  [  &amp;#x200B;  Been more intentional about adding to my brokerage account. Mostly have been buying VOO throughout the year and added to existing positions in msft, and avgo. Added few companies; google(+40%). Still holding a few heavy bags from 2020, paysafe(-90%), fastly(-70%), and have some long term winners msft(+220%), shop(+660%...), AVGO(+108%),;,; 2024-01-02 17:54:26]
[What’s going to cause a pullback in big tech aka the Magnificent 7?,;,; I keep hearing big tech is overbought and due for a pullback… but what I don’t understand is what event will cause that pullback to begin?  Is there an upcoming event that’s going to cause the pullback to start? Or will it just start selling off based on the algos?  Seems like the AI hype has ever lasting life and this “hype” will never die down and continue tech stocks specifically the magnificent 7 (AAPL, MSFT, GOOG, NVDA, TSLA, META) to continue trading upwards for the foreseeable future,;,; 2023-06-20 21:29:48]
[Clearest signs that NVDA will go higher after ER on 2/21,;,; Sure NVDA might dip 3-5% right after on "sell the news" bullshit but it will rebound and go much higher the weeks and months after. I doubt it dips that much though. More likely, it will jump 3-5% the next day. Here are the clearest signs why this will happen:  * Every dip in the last 2 weeks have been bought. It dipped to 699 the day hot CPI was released and now it's above 730. Look at the 5 day chart. It's an ascending triangle. * Analysts have been raising PT to above 800 in the last week. EVERY SINGLE analyst has raised PT. These firms will defend their positions by scooping up shares if there's a dip. * Whales (Druck, Bridewater, etc.) have not sold out of their huge ass positions. Druck has 500 mill in NVDA. * The sentiment from CNBC to WSB is "I'll sell before ER and lock in gains." All those sells are happening this week and the stock hasn't folded. It's building a base above 700. * FB, MSFT, SMCI, TSM....all have guided higher capex and rev for next Q. There hasn't been a single "We see slower build out for our AI stacks next quarter." Edit: AMAT just blew away their numbers on "strong AI chip demand".  IMO: NVDA blows top and bottom numbers out of the waters (23B rev &amp; $5 EPS) and guides much higher for next Q and full year. Jensen will announce a 3:1 split.  Position: Long 560 shares. Holding till $1200 (pre-split).  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2024-02-15 19:16:02]
[Lost it all to make it back,;,; Lost all my money betting on MSFT down to 1.4k and went all the way to 18k in a week,;,; 2024-02-09 21:16:35]
[Let me tell you why AI will not stop,;,;     From someone that actually has a job that deals with designing and implementing tech solutions at fortune 500 companies, let me explain why AI is moving so fast and why there is a technical arms race happening that will continue to push the AI market to the moon. And no, I am not some low-level developer that sits behind an IDE all day that has no idea what is really going on with their business partners. I am working with executives on technical strategy and direction, the big league shit.   Imagine you are an insurance carrier. You compete with a dozen other companies for business with each of you trying to eek out market share by beating competitors prices. You all need to have the same things (for the most part) claims examiners, sales people, service departments, etc so you all settle around the same price. Now imagine you are the first one to implement an AI capable of replacing 5% of your workforce. All the sudden your overhead goes down substantially (yes 5% is a huge operating cost total), and you can price your insurance lower than everyone else without sacrificing productivity or quality. You now have a huge market advantage over all the other companies because you can undercut them without hitting your bottom line. On top of it all, you are the first one to get data about your AI to train your AI. Now you have a snowball effect of your AI improving itself. I personally think 5% is an easily achievable phase 1 number and imagine you will see 90% of some departments (like service) gone within 10 years.  This creates an environment where the upfront cost is irrelevant. You will fork out any amount to be the first to the line because they payout in the log run is exponentially more than the cost. Even if you are not first you cannot be anywhere near the back of pact or you will be left behind. I am seeing some of the most tight ass companies open not only their wallets, but also throw their security guidelines and legal teams out the damn window to sign contracts. Every executive has some AI in their top 3 goals this year.   So how do you capitalize on this? Buy NVDA, MSFT, AMD, GOOG because they will run for the foreseeable future. Also recommend Salesforce (CRM) as an outlier people have not really caught onto yet. Companies are not going to have time to stand up their own platform to integrate with whatever AI reigns supreme. They will leverage whatever platform they have that can support it. CRM is in 80% of the Fortune 500 companies and they are building a bring your own AI model in addition to flushing out their own so they are in a position to win no matter what company actually wins the AI war.  TLDR – We all know AI is going to replace jobs and be a huge market. What most of you don’t know is that the first companies that do it right, will have a dominant position in their sector. This means they will burn cash to be the first ones with a working AI. Buy anything that has to do with AI with my personal suggestion being CRM.  My positions: $120k in stocks spread amongst CRM, NVDA, MSFT, AMD, GOOG,;,; 2024-02-08 06:26:04]
[Microsoft is the stock to buy as it leads the AI arms race while Alphabet continues to play catchup with Bard, according to Wedbush,;,; The battle in generative artificial intelligence is heating up following Alphabet's I/O conference on Wednesday, during which the Google parent announced updates to its Bard platform.  But according to Wedbush analyst Dan Ives, Microsoft remains the stock to buy as it maintains its lead in AI with its stake in ChatGPT and prepares to start monetizing the opportunity.  "The AI monetization opportunity makes us more bullish on \[Microsoft\]," he said in a Thursday note. "We believe that Microsoft is in a unique position to gain share in the cloud market while deploying additional AI capabilities that we estimate could expand Redmond's total addressable market around cloud by 35% to 40% over the coming years."  The company's strategic stake in ChatGPT, which was bolstered earlier this year with an additional $10 billion investment into OpenAI, could set Microsoft up for the opportunity to start taking share in the cloud space from Amazon's AWS offering.   Ives reiterated his "Outperform" rating on Microsoft and said it remains a "best idea." Additionally, he increased his price target on Microsoft to $340 from $325, representing potential upside of 9% from current levels.  While Alphabet continues to play catchup in the AI space, it is setting up to go head-to-head for market share against Microsoft, especially as the search company has indicated that it plans to incorporate AI capabilities into all aspects of its product suite, including the cloud.   Full article: [  Wedbush analyst Dan Ives recommends buying Microsoft (MSFT) over Alphabet (GOOG) due to MSFT's lead in the generative AI space as the company already preparing to monetize its headstart in AI, while GOOG is still playing catch-up with its Bard offering. Do you agree that MSFT is a better buy over GOOG as this point?,;,; 2023-05-12 12:37:50]
[NVDA's circular sales continue: after Coreweave, it's Voltage Park non-profit!,;,; We have all heard about the NVDA GPU shortage &amp; how even big dogs like MSFT can't buy enough of them, but somehow, $2.8B worth of NVDA GPUs in the last quarter was bought by at least two entities that were directly or indirectly funded by... NVDA!  A brand new non-profit called Voltage Park managed to secure $500M worth of NVDA GPUs.    But why do they want to do with it? Lease it out to other companies! Their largest client? Imbue, a company which was funded by... NVDA.  But NVDA is a highly reputable company, they will never do shady shit, right?   Under Jensen Huang, NVDA has been caught committing fraud multiple times:  Accounting fraud in 2000s:    Misleading shareholders in 2021:    Insider trading:      Disclaimer: I am highly regarded, don't stand in the way of a fraud freight train &amp; don't listen to my brain farts!  Edit: Formatting links, Reddit app is a pile of garbage.,;,; 2023-11-23 20:39:56]
[AAPL Play?,;,; Hello everyone! I have been a lurker on the sub for a few months and want to post about a small position I am taking and I am sure many others are. Tech companies like META and MSFT beat earnings and their stock prices spiked after. I see an opportunity with MSFT earnings coming out first, them beating earnings, and their stock price blowing up, followed by the same thing happening with META a day later. I feel like the market should've priced this in because they are in the same industry, but it still happened so I feel AAPL has a chance to do the same.   Here's my position and reasoning. I bought 10 call contracts with a strike of $190 expiring 5/5. The IV is 38.18% and my breakeven is $190.04. I feel if AAPL beats earnings the same way its competitors did, it will see a similar jump in share price. Yes, Q1 revenue was down 5% compared to the previous year while MSFT was up 11% over the same period of time. I feel this provides more upside potential for AAPL if they beat earnings.  I didn't use a large portion of my portfolio in this position, so this is mainly a learning experience. I'm sure I am missing something very clear, please poke holes in this and fill me in on where I am wrong and where this could be improved. Thank you!,;,; 2023-04-28 16:07:29]
[Big Earnings week pt 2,;,; APPL AMZN PYPL AMD BRK.A+B SBUX Etc all have earnings this week.   It was a mixed bag last week with the likes of INTC MSFT and others; what plays are you all considering?   The smart thing would probably be to sit this one out, but that’s not happening. I don’t see how anyone could.  Will likely be loading up on Apple puts tomorrow unless someone can talk me out of it,;,; 2023-07-31 20:55:56]
[Need advice,;,; Caught short msft from 354. My entire act plus margin in this. I did something similar before with nvda and covered for 20k loss 270s. Just feels like nonsense fluff pump that fades before earnings.   Cant sleep,;,; 2023-07-19 08:08:27]
[The Bing vs google chatGPT situation shows signs that an AI bubble could happen somewhere down the line,;,; tl;dr msft going up bc google AI was supposedly "bad" while bing's was supposedly "good", then investors later realizing that both were shit shows overconfidence and lack of research of many AI investors  If you didn't know already, both bing and google released a chatGPT based AI tool for their search engines. Bing's presentation for their AI was very well prepared, while google's was much more rushed, with presentors making mistakes.  The most important moment, however, came when google's AI bot made a factual mistake when asked what the james webb telescope did. It provided three responses, two of which were correct, but one of which was an action done by a DIFFERENT telescope(hubble telescope), which made many investors swap from google to bing(msft), causing huge shifts. This is why this series of events is utterly stupid:  \- chatGPT is a LANGUAGE BASED MODEL, meaning it looks at the LANGUAGE itself. It is designed to respond with something that, LANGUAGE-WISE, makes the most sense, which tends to coincide with it being factually correct. However, this is a mere coincidence.  An example of how the telescope error could have been made Is as follows:  you ask: "what are things that the james webb telescope is known for"  ChatGPT thought process: Since "telescope" is much more common than "james webb" as a set of words, it maybe finds more grammatically and language accurate words to respond to "telescope" than to "james webb" as there is much more data. In responding to "telescope" it pulls together some words that happen to be taken from responses to the hubble telescope, probably the most talked about telescope online. It doesn't care/know that it's now talking about a different telescope, the response is grammatically sound, and sounds right under the context.  This simple flaw could have been discovered with maybe 5-10 minutes of research, or some playing around with chatGPT-I myself don't know shit about AI and still predicted this. Instead, investors decided to shift several fucking billion dollars around, only to discover 2 days later that bing's AI literally couldn't get the fucking date right, and was insulting users, finally selling msft.  This sentiment around AI-of mindless buy buy buy and sell sell sell with minimal knowledge on what's actually being bought and sold- reminds me a lot about the dot com bubble, although it isn't necessarily to the dot com bubbles severity YET.,;,; 2023-02-20 02:21:01]
[Microsoft may set a record at the close for highest market cap ever, but more importantly it needs to close exactly $1 higher than this,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-09 18:11:27]
[The Wild $AMZN Ride - How I Bagged $12K in Profits While Y'all Apes Struggled,;,; Sup fellow degenerates, gather 'round and let me tell you the tale of how I banked a sweet $12k on $AMZN shares while the rest of you paper-handed fools prob lost stacks or broke even at best. So, buckle up and let's dive into this rollercoaster of a story.  It was earnings week for the tech giants - you know, the likes of $META, $GOOG, and $MSFT. And then, the star of this post: $AMZN. I started building my position back when $FDX beat earnings in March, grabbing 500 shares at a neat $100/share, and then adding another 1000 shares on April 21st just under $107.  Why, you ask? Simple. More packages = Ecommerce boom = analysts being dumbasses. Then, $UPS missed earnings and I decided to drop 500 of my $AMZN shares 'cause your boy ain't about to lose the house over Bezos’ baby.  So, this week was wild. The market had a seizure during trading hours, but then $MSFT &amp; $GOOG reported and it's like we hopped on a rocket straight to the moon. Tech stocks went absolutely bonkers and I caught $MSFT, but that’s for another post.  And then, our Lord and Savior, $META, crushed earnings on Wednesday. Sentiment flip-flopped like a fish out of water. Clearly, these mega-cap stocks were beating expectations and were hella undervalued.  What happened next? Well, the Nasdaq $QQQ went up nearly 3%, and Amazon shot up 4.5% to almost $110. Now, usually, I'd slap on a +5 to +10% call option, but not this time. No siree, I was going in raw hoping I won’t have 18-years bad luck the next morning.  So, $AMZN reported and it just exploded - from $110 to $122 in under 2 minutes. They beat EPS by 50% and revenue by $3 billion. Absolute madness. But, like a true WallStreetBets veteran (check my all-time hottest post), I knew what to do.  An hour later, the earnings call was scheduled. Y'know, where they get into the nitty-gritty and talk about future guidance (aka the mood killer). I figured a 22% gain in a month was more than enough tendies, so I started selling off my shares after-hours. It dipped a bit from the $122 high, but I still came out on top.  And now, the aftermath: $AMZN is sitting at $105.00 - Current position: 4 shares. Feels good, man. Proof of positions and my fat gains below👇  If you apes enjoyed this tale of victory, follow me here and on Twitter for more stories, tips, and stock market/NFT insights. I'll even be doing some sweet subscriber-only giveaways. Stay tuned, and let's keep riding this rocket together! 🚀🌕,;,; 2023-04-30 21:07:51]
[Funds were waiting for earnings to justify EOY rally. Taking bullish hedges.,;,; Looking at MSFT balance sheet (I don't care about expectation numbers), gross profit is slowing down, this is consistent with slowing economic factors. I am a big ol' rainbow bear but have stayed out of most bearish positions for earnings.  I wanted to see the mountain of NVDA chip expenses show up on the balance sheet but I don't see it. Total expenses is up almost jack shit YoY. Anywho, NVDAs gap fill day will come due. However, there is no way you can take bearish positions from here on M7. Maybe im bad at reading these fuckers and its under assets, idc anyway.  MSFT balance sheet looks decent. NFLX responded well. AAPL might miss because of china, but NVDA can definitely pull one more dirty trick up its sleeve at least. Black rock probably put out some crazy article to pump NVDA to the moon. If you want bull capitulation for the highest volatility, you need an M7 miss across the board. Interest on cash of some of these companies are going to soften expenses.  Were going to need to see revenue from credit cards peak and plateu and lets student loans/oil do its thing. Once the loans (company loans) roll over to higher interest rate, then we can get something. Companies will show growth consistent with inflation, but MSFT's growth outpaces inflation for this earnings, and that has to justify a uptrend after a beat down.  Mid 2024 puts, 2025 puts if you want to be a bear right now. Failed breakdown happened. Big bears might come back for government shut-down. Call city for christmas. Put city for 2024. It's just that simple.  If you dont pick up some calls, you too bearish. Or dont do anything, this is not financial advice. VM better not talk shit.  I'm currently looking for bearish positions in DIA and IWM. Mainly because no one has any talent anymore for value stocks and they all just going to swarm into M7 anyway. Sell value for M7 is the way apparently.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-25 02:17:01]
[Is $GOOGL a great long-term buy now?,;,; Hello folks,  GOOGL  stock is now in a new dip at around $92.34. I already bought with avg  $96.5. I am planning to hold for long-term. Is it a good buy now? - considering the AI and supreme court challenges  My  portofolio is mostly tech stocks like: AMZN, MSFT, INTC, GOOGL. But  more than 50% is in GOOGL. I was planning to buy some stocks in AAPL too  and start investing in ETFs for diversification.  &amp;#x200B;  I just started in early January 2023 with intention for long-term holding stocks but would love to hear from you in this volatile market.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks!,;,; 2023-02-21 21:12:55]
[Are Ya Winning, Son?,;,; Came back to options in December after a 3 year hiatus (I blew my first portfolio). Today was my best day so far. Biggest winners were SPY QQQ NVDA MSFT calls and AFRM puts.  Q&amp;A: 1. My strategy is ”just do not lose money” - Warren Buffett 2. Started with a $10k initial investment (you need money to make money) 3. I have pulled out over 25k so far, this remaining $16k is all profit and I will continue to ~~gamble~~ invest it 4. Options are &lt;20% of my total portfolio, don’t gamble money you can’t lose 5. Corvette Z06  Positions:  2024-02-09 20:56:16]
[The idea that the stock market will crash is utterly preposterous,;,; Here’s the deal. If you cut through all the bullshit, the bottom line is in order for the S&amp;P500 to have a significant pullback, we would need its highest weighted stocks to significantly pull back ie AAPL, MSFT, AMZN, NVDA, GOOGL, etc. Does anyone really believe that the bulls are not going to step in and hammer any opportunities to buy the dip in AAPL or NVDA? This isn’t the dot com bubble where a lot of those companies run-up in stock price had way more to do with hype and p/e expansion than making actual money. The biggest technology companies today are the most innovative and profitable companies in the world and that is unlikely to change. The end.,;,; 2023-08-31 17:40:12]
[People are scared of FOMC / QRA. Eff it, I'll do it myself - 12k on AMD &amp; 50K on NASDAQ,;,; [Positions : 20 AMD 170/185 Bull Call Spreads Expiring Friday 2/2 &amp; 1 NDXP 17475C 3/28 to catch NASDAQ gains tomorrow](  I've been swingtrading both directions, and was initially gonna avoid AMD but it's a LITTLE TOO BEARISH IN HERE!!!  I don't see too many big bets being made for tomorrow so the TRV &amp; NFLX guy is back with another big wager: 60k in calls for tomorrow's action! I tried to time the bottom today with the puts I was holding. I'm a little down on AMD but I'm more than happy with my NDXP entry.  This isn't a "researched play" like TRV or NFLX - more of a heat check wager - I think the market is a little nervous today but will exhale tomorrow and go up.  I think **at least one** of MSFT or AMD is going to do well after market close today. I played it safe with an overall NASDAQ index call but since I enjoy trading and following AMD I placed a 12k wager there.  Will likely be back Thursday for the next set of exciting earnings. Trade safe!,;,; 2024-01-30 18:16:33]
[Microsoft Open AI Stake,;,; $MSFT only a fraction of Microsoft’s $10 billion investment in OpenAI has been wired to the startup, while a significant portion of the funding, divided into tranches, is in the form of cloud compute purchases instead of cash.   Zero risk to Microsoft people love to fear monger,;,; 2023-11-19 01:18:52]
[Why did Sonys Stock Go Down on News of Competitor Titles Going to PS?,;,; Sonys stock has dipped in the last few days since it started coming out that Xbox exclusives are going to PS. Why would Sonys stock go down on that news? Shouldn’t it go up? The primary competitor is essentially diminishing an advantage that will also increase revenue for Sony with game sales.   Only thing I can think of, and it’s a stretch for current market impact, is that investors are assuming that if Xbox loses market share the lack of a significant competitor may cause regulatory issues for Sony. But even with MSFT out technically Nintendo is a competitor even if it’s usually dismissed as complementary.,;,; 2024-02-09 16:54:49]
[Grandpa $GOOG,;,; We saw the fork between $MSFT and $GOOG following earnings. Apparently a miss by around 3% in a department that accounts for 11% of revenue is enough to wipe out around 10% of market cap. $GOOG never had a chance. An apex company brought down by about $200 million dollars overnight.  This doesn't make any fucking sense, which makes it an ideal play.  Google is Google. What is the most searched term on Bing? Google it, don't fucking "...Bing it" *fuckin gross*.  Google will refuse to die. Prepare for a counter overreaction to the public overreaction which will ultimately put the price around where it was prior to earnings in about a month :D...  hopefully... I bought the day after earnings.  Position: $132c 12/1,;,; 2023-11-02 04:37:43]
[AMD AI Chip release - Up ~6.5% in the last 24hrs. Thoughts?,;,; Title;  META &amp; MSFT tout buying AMD as an alternative to NVDA, general market response has been strong:  - OpenAI plans on using the MI300X for their Triton - Analyst predictions in June were pessimistic however;   Will the forecast stay up? Anybody have any YOLOs or calls/puts expiring soon?  Usually just enjoy reading the posts on here, but since there haven't been any on this, I'm curious to know the general sentiment.,;,; 2023-12-08 14:57:51]
[Reddit founder wants to charge Big Tech for scraped data used to train AIs: report,;,; Online community network Reddit wants to start getting paid by large artificial-intelligence companies that scrape data off its message boards to help train AI products. In an interview with the New York Times, Reddit founder and Chief Executive Steve Huffman said that the “Reddit corpus of data is really valuable. But we don’t need to give all of that value to some of the largest companies in the world for free.” Generative AI has gone mainstream this past year with the release of OpenAI’s ChatGPT — backed by a multibillion-dollar investment from Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.11%. AI uses massive amounts of data drawn from a site’s application program interface, or API, to train the AI product and train for inference. Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, -1.10% GOOGL, -1.30% Google also has a generative-AI product, Bard, and Adobe Inc. ADBE, 0.02% recently released an AI product named Firefly, a “co-pilot” technology aimed at helping create content. Meta Platforms Inc. META, -0.35% has its own eponymous product, Meta AI, while Amazon.com Inc.’s AMZN, -0.34% AWS has released free machine-learning tools for users.  Source;  2023-04-18 19:56:23]
[Upcoming QQQ rebalance,;,; To all you regards that do actual DD- I have some questions about the implication of the QQQ rebalance.   What impact will this have on both the price of QQQ and the bucket of AAPL MSFT NVDA AMZN TSLA GOOGL Etc that will be sold off?   Will the rebalancing of QQQ not cause a semi-large spike in sell orders thus driving down price?,;,; 2023-07-20 23:19:54]
[Technical analysis for the rest of the year,;,; We've had a great 3-week rally but looks like the buyers are loosing steam suggesting we could see a moderate sell-off starting on Monday around the middle of the day or sooner on the MSFT news. From the technical standpoint, it would make sense to see a \~10 day bear phase where we'd lose 30% of the gains from the past 3 weeks to make another 20 day push leading up to Christmas with the peak in the middle of December like it happened last year.  All of this of course is just guessing based on historical patterns. What are your thoughts on this?,;,; 2023-11-18 21:48:18]
[OpenAI and the actual talent,;,; Many people have been saying a lot of stuff about what’s happening. But who won Sam/MSFT/OpenAi is yet to be seen.  Im not going to go into the happenings that I’m hearing from colleagues, (I’m at one of the dominant AI companies).  But all I can say is, Sam is a good product and fundraiser. Great visionary too.  But OpenAI has gotten Andrej Kaparthy back. And they have Ilya Sutskever.  They both are from UofT (a Canadian university that is a powerhouse with research like Waterloo University).  So, the chips on OpenAI lie on whether Andrej jumps ship with Sam or not.  This may have been a power move by Ilya, but no Andrej, means they lose.  It’s whoever can snatch Andrej, the talent will follow him 👀   I’m suspicious that this happened after a year Andrej went back after leaving Tesla.  Probably gave Ilya the balls to kick Sam out.,;,; 2023-11-20 18:07:32]
[Will the nasdaq special rebalancing next Monday negatively impact the Big 7?,;,; Or is it already priced in since the announcement? Will be announced pre-market  Thinking when to buy the dip on the Big 7s given special rebal next Monday and MSFT / META earnings next week,;,; 2023-07-21 04:36:32]
[Has anyone seriously looked at Global Foundries [$GFS],;,; New account, recently unbanned from a years ago fight with Admins about rightwing extremists on the site so please trust I havr been redditting and trading for about 6 years. I called AMD's first break above 100, and recently AVGO and MSFT.  My bet now is Global Foundries. Why? Thr CHIPS act is for LEGACY chips, with an eye to national security onshoring of defense chips more than an attempt to gain leading edge dominance.  That means GFS. The projected benefit for them by wall street is so abysmal, the chart is so sideways for a year. Nakedshortreport has naked short selling at ~78% past two days. It is being actively manipulated and accumulated. Options volume is almost 0. This is a 30 billion dollar company that should be about a 100 billion valuation. They have almost no crazy R&amp;D costs like TSM. They make chips for cars, toys, missiles, radar, traffic lights, etc, and yes some chips in more advanced devices. Comms devices. Broadcom is a major customer. They are rapidly expanding on Uncle Sam's dime and they will almost guaranteed be getting more from CHIPS/FABS act than is being appreciated. My price target for August is 90.  Edit: thanks everyone for your input, I give up.,;,; 2024-01-11 14:56:25]
[Why I don't think NVDA party gonna last,;,; I know I know - you all think NVDA can reach higher than the sky, but here is why I say they don't. In fact, here is why I say they have already outburnt their rocket!   Look at the list below.    there are only 5 companies at the $1T club, and number 6 and 7 are fighting their asses off to get in. now lets talk about ALL of them, and why NVDA isn't one of them:     1. MSFT has just this week gained supremacy and passed AAPL. There's no argue why MSFT is one of the top 5 companies in the world. They control more than 60% of all OS on all computers on the entire planet, they have access to us all with their products, and they control 22% of could services world wide with Azure. billions of users world wide uses products they 100% own, and profit of with no middleman anywhere. That's dominancy! That's not talking about LinkedIn which is considered to be the best professional social network, and they sure as fuck monetize this. 2. AAPL since they dropped Intel's processors for the M1 and later M2, they control end-to-end of their production process and have roughly 50% market share of wealthy users world wide, plus 26% of mobile users globally. Not sure if they truly invented it, but they have perfected the subscription profit model, and controlling the spending of their huge users base fiercely! And I bet there's a hidden report out there showing they control the majority of the top dome of socio-economic group. BTW a friend of mine working as senior full stack at MSFT told me they gave him a MacBook when he started working for Microsoft. He's developing MS-Office on a MacBook!!!!!  3. Saudi-Aramco - I know shit about them, but they control oceans of oil and you know.... oil is oil 4. Google - 98% market share for online searches. plus, over 70% global market share of mobile OS and 12% share of  cloud service. All in-house and 100% owned by Google. Oh yeah, and don't forget about Youtube. Oh BTW - do you drive much? did you know that to avoid competition, Google bought Waze too? 5. AMZN - Well to be honest, I don't believe they have a strong valuable market place anymore and I am pessimistic about their retailing now days. In fact I heard somewhere (and I can't find it now) that they lost almost $10B on their forward sellings in 2022, BUT!!!! they earned over $20B off advertising on site which covers the returns and customer's care. we can argue about that, but we can't argue about the crown jewel of AMZN - AWS!!!! 33% of all data on could, is located on an AWS server. You know NFLX, DIS, and WBD streaming services? Along with Amazon prime, they are all located on the same fucking servers!!!! In fact, unless you're watching Youtube or AppleTV, if you're watching streamers, you're watching it off an AWS server!  6. NVDA - let's roll back to it later 7. Meta - I do hate that evil empire, but there's no argue that there's no other company with as much user data as they have. Between Instagram, Facebook, whatsapp - if you want to talk or meet someone, it's probably through one of their platforms, and they monitor it. 8. Tesla - I hate Elon! I think he should be in jail for violating at least 10 SEC regulations. But he's still out there and roaming. I won't argue that TSLA is A-Z solution to car manufacturing. Everything is In-house as well, and the marketing expenses are 0!!! But in a world where everybody are looking for autonomous vehicles, Elon's got the most data collected in the world. When they talked about creating a center control for autonomous driving, they suggested Tesla will be the center since they have the biggest data centers dedicated for it.   &amp;#x200B;  Now lets get back to NVDA - 10 years ago, they were nothing. A great product for a special segment of hardcore computer users willing to spend $200-$500 on hardware no one else even knows needed.   Back then Intel was God and AMD tried biting on them. But got no where close.    Then AI kicked in, and engineers found out GPU are better to teach the modules rather than CPU and guess who's the best GPU manufacturer? wait no!!! It's not NVDA! They have never manufactured a single processor. They don't have a single factory. They do it all with TSMC (number 11 on the list, but around 1/3 the value on NVDA).   Ok so they have the best design. Fuck!!! no they don't!! They use ARM technology to design their processors ($74B market cap). And why ARM are so important? well because couple months ago, NVDA wanted to buy them, so the US regulator looked this deal up, and found out these 2 companies are the only 2 companies to design such technologies and by buying them, NVDA will basically eliminate the competition, and be a full monopoly on ARM architecture processors. so how come one company is worth $74B and the other $1.4T??? because they design the best AI training processors.  WAIT!!!! FUCK they don't!!!!! haven't you heard?? AMD just steamrolled them with Frontier ([     AMD has had the best week in their life!! how good? $250B good. That's still 1/6 of NVDA.   And wait, I mentioned Intel several times before, but what's the deal with them? Well in a nut shell, they have dragged behind. They used to have an enormous market share of processors in the market and they got cocky and neglected R&amp;D while the rest rushed to innovate. But even though you are probably reading this on an Intel based computer, or have one at work/home, and they used to be the sole suppliers for Apple computers, Intel at it's peak was worth $273B (Jan 31st 2020). Still fraction of NVDA's worth. And in opposed to NVDA, ARM and AMD - Intel has always owned their own factories, meaning their worth should combine NVDA and TSMC together!!!!  So the question remains - WTF??????       &amp;#x200B;   2024-01-18 18:27:58]
[Market Outlook 10/25/2023,;,; **Recap On This Tuesday’s Market Action:**  * SPY closed up 0.75% * QQQ closed up 0.97% * Dow Jones Industrial closed up 0.62% * VIX closed down 6.88%  Good evening everyone, I hope you all have had an excellent and productive Tuesday! Today we saw the major indices pop at the open and trade relatively flat throughout the day closing only slightly higher than the open. There are major earnings reports being released this week so it will be interesting to see how the market reacts to these reports.    SPY gapped up from its close on Monday and appears to be starting to bounce off of the 200 day EMA (white line). SPY did however undercut the recent low set earlier this month. The bounce off of the 200 day EMA coupled with the hopefully positive earning reports this week may help push SPY higher. However, as always, we cannot predict the future. If earnings are weaker than expected SPY may take a sharp dive below the 200 day EMA.    QQQ is still well above its 200 day EMA. However, we still did see an undercut of the earlier October lows yesterday. This week’s earnings will definitely impact the tech heavy NASDAQ as Microsoft ($MSFT) and Alphabet ($GOOGL) reported after today’s close and Meta ($META), IBM ($IBM), Amazon ($AMZN), and Intel ($INTL) report later this week. As with SPY, if earnings are worse than expected we may see a quick drop to the 200 day EMA.  **GOLD List Stocks:**    AAPL is behaving quite nicely given the recent market action. While it has been trending downward since the beginning of August, AAPL is holding up better than many others. If the overall market picks up and AAPL reports positive earnings next week, we could see a break of the recent October highs of $183.    AMZN has a very similar story to AAPL. AMZN is still above the previous October lows and may test the 50 day EMA if earnings come out positive.    GOOGL has been steadily trending upward over the past few months. GOOGL reported earnings today and as of writing this is now down 6.49% in after hours trading. It is important to keep in mind that after hours price moves do not always translate into the next day trading session.    META has seemed to have had a stall in price movement since mid July. The 8 and 21 day EMA’s are very close together and the 50 day EMA has continued to plateau. Earnings come out tomorrow after the close.    MSFT has stayed close to its October high and seems to be bouncing off of the 8 day EMA. MSFT reported earnings after hours today and is currently gapping up around 5%. Again, this may not translate into the trading session tomorrow.    NVDA has been range trading from $400 to $500 since mid June. NVDA does not report earnings till the end of Novemeber but will likely be heavily influenced by other companies and the overall market. I opened a starter position in NVDA today as it took out the little base that formed halfway through last week.    TSLA reported earnings last week and gapped down heavily. Price seems to have come to rest on the 200 day EMA for now. TSLA also has a multi year downward sloping trendline, shown in yellow. The last time price came near this line it was rejected heavily. If TSLA is able to rally to this trendline it will take a lot of buying power to overcome it.  **Bringing everything together:**  For now, the market seems to be catching its breath after heavy selling at the end of last week. However, there are several big earnings reports coming out which may push the market in one direction or the other. While there may be a number of stocks with valid setups, it would be wise to err on the side of caution until the majority of earnings reports have been released.  As always feel free to reach out with any questions or comments!,;,; 2023-10-24 23:04:06]
[Microsoft partnering with AMD,;,; Media report came out yesterday - Microsoft is bankrolling AMD to develop AI chips for it.   Shares jumped briefly to over 90$ yesterday afternoon. Backing from a major player like MSFT will give AMD a much needed push in the AI space that has been largely dominated by NVDA.  Hoping we can see AMD mirror NVDAs recent AI bull run.,;,; 2023-05-05 13:28:04]
[This is going very badly for Microsoft as the fallout continues and is "AGI" to blame here? Ilya Sutskever should resign from the board.,;,; Update: Final UPDATE: Sam Altman has returned as CEO to OpenAI. Now what's the fall out ;)  Update: Clear AGI Definition Dilution by a possible OpenAI member Ilya?: [  Update: Talks done for today. Nothing official. On to tomorrow. Good night!  Update: Jimmy Apples X/Tweets: [It is done]( Not looking good folks.  Update: A mass resignation may be in progress: [Logan K]( deletes OpenAI reference.  Update: Sam Altman X/Tweets: "i love the openai team so much"  Update: Why is Tracy so involved with Effective Altruism? [Sam Bankman-Fried ties?]( She needs to go too. [Helen Toner: Leads AI/ML efforts for the US and China.](  Helen lived in Beijing, studying the Chinese AI ecosystem as a Research Affiliate of Oxford University’s Center for the Governance of AI. Excuse me? This board is made up of a lot of ideolog's.  Update: [The entire board is being asked to resign](  and [The Information]( and [CNN Business]( and [Coin Telegraph]( and [TechCrunch: OpenAI's board is no match for investors' wrath](  **The OpenAI board is waffling on resigning, and that might push Sam Altman to start a new company after all.**  Big update to our scoop from earlier: a key 5PM PT deadline for the OpenAI board to strike a deal to resign and Sam Altman to return has passed, and mass resignations at OpenAI may come soon, unless this thing gets done.  Update: WOW just wow. So my commentary of calling Ilya Sutskever a communist wasn't far off. Apparently, the more apt phrasing should be "Effective Altruism" which board member Tasha McCauley is a board member and [Sam Bankman-Fried is a known supporter.]( [ What is effective altruism? Well, to put it slightly it is what Karl Marx described as not going far enough for the greater human good. So, I don't know communism light maybe? The more official tag is "[Bourgeois Morality for the 21st Century]( or wokeness with a computer and a calculator or neoliberalism.  All jokes aside it is a hot button topic and probably not something the board should be members of while overseeing a $90 billion new technology company.  The question apparently is now, should the entire board be removed except for Sam and Greg?  Update: Board now asking Sam Altman to come back. Ilya's days could be numbered: [  **Original Post**: This story is made for an epic Apple TV+ drama. On one side you have the Y-Combinator entrepreneurs and innovator Sam Altman and on the other side is an enigmatic figure that believes strongly that AGI should be in the hands of humanity. Not corporations.  The quote from Winston Churchill comes to mind " If you're not a liberal at twenty you have no heart, if you're not a conservative at forty, you have no brain." Politics aside, this guy (Ilya) is in between having a heart and no brain.  First and foremost, there was no reason to fire Sam in the coup manner he did this past Friday afternoon. I've read it all, i've listened to it all. There was really no good reason.  Secondly, and probably most importantly is the notion that OpenAI runs as a non-profit is a bunch of bullshit. You have developers making millions in salary and stock options which whether it is in private equity or not you are literally saying that one day you're going to be publicly listed and boom everyone is going to get some massive payout. Should a company that is going to have a public payout be allowed to be considered a "non-profit." It just doesn't make any sense.  Next, the ideology of Ilya Sutskever is ultra concerning for me. This guy is really trying to pull off the greatest stunt known to mankind. And the board, all 3 of the other members beside Sam and Greg, should be RIPPED for this. Microsoft not being on the board should be RIPPED for this.  You have this weird, the "1st of its kind," corporate structure of a capped investment. All over the comments people are trying to excuse and explain that "this is what it means" and "everyone knew it" and "it's all public information." As a side note, I've never thought about the importance of the board except other than the firing of Steve Jobs from Apple (At least they had some good reason that wasn't about something stupid; they were pissed they weren't making profit.)  What they're trying to say with a capped investment is that until we make AGI or repay in profits or some bullshit agreement rider is that you have only so much to gain until we OpenAI take back full and unfettered control of the company. To hell with your original 49% investment at some point it will be all ours. And somehow, this ties into being a non-profit we're going to send all of our profit and money AFTER YOU KNOW we pay ourselves million of dollars per year in salaries and then give the rest to non-profit's such as the "black girls code fund."  Koombaya!!! Hippy Dippy! Sounds like bullshit right? It sounds that way because it is.  As an investor, a user and a person who works in AI and automation I had no earthly clue this timebomb was ticking. That the board members where on some fantasy island of bullshit.  So why was Microsoft so flat footed? Why can Microsoft be so out of the loop?  Well, I think what happened if you read everything correctly and actually listen to what Greg and Same and Ilya are saying you keep hearing over and over again about the "Safety of AI" and specifically the Safety of "AGI".  What's Artificial General Intelligence (AGI). I work in AI and I can't even tell you what I think it means anymore because it's been so bastardized.  Here's my opinion of what it is and why I think it is such a problem in this situation. Some people when they think about AI they think about a sentient thing. Something that can feel and can think and is "self-aware" all on it's own. **The AI god complex issue.** Man created it so who is the god now. All that nonsense. People think of Skynet/terminator, the Matrix, IRobot, Asimov. All of that science fiction stuff. Everyday people that aren't very knowledgeable of the situation may rightly think like this. What happens is that the sentient AI (which is nowhere near coming into existence) is being crept into the believe and understanding of the phrase Artificial General Intelligence (AGI).  Here's the problem and why Ilya should resign or atleast why i'll make a case for it. The problem is, AGI is not sentient AI. AGI for what it is or what it could be has moved the goal post. Everyone has moved this goal post. From Ilya to Sam Altman to Bill Gates to Elon everyone has moved the goal post for AGI. Pay attention because this is how to tie in an LLM into AGI.  Large Language Models. In one sentence. If you take enough text corpus examples and put it into enough compute running neural networks you get coherent responses. That's it folks. It raw brute force compute power. If said thing, is not trained on that said thing it will not show up in your LLM. PERIOD. It can't exist without huge and vast amounts of data and compute power.  So, forget about AGI being the matrix even though we (the AI leadership community) all want to sign an agreement promising that AI won't destroy humanity. I said it was stupid when they signed it and it's even more stupid now that it has come back to bite them in the ass. The new goal post moved AGI isn't sentient it's just more capable. Less hallucinations. I.e. maybe GPT 5. But the delta curve of that is not possibly known as it hasn't be released in masse. And even if it were "better" that's great but it's still not going to be able to do anything other than what it has been trained to do.  This is where instead of doomerisym of we won't annihilate the world perhaps Microsoft and tech community would be better served to define what AGI is. If there's a spectrum ok fine but explain that. Because AGI doesn't mean AI models can think and act on their own. They want that magic and mysticism in the public but really look where it just landed you. Time to rethink that stupid public talking point strategy; or they're just too naive to not understand this is how people may think when they hear the word AGI.  Just say that it is a better model, more reliable and has less hallucinations.  Furthermore, they (tech community) want AGI to be this multimodel thing. Still, it has nothing to do with true self-learning self-teaching thought creating AI. It just simply states that there are obvious features in the models and their applications such as memory, handling text, video and audio. Those things don't make it AGI. They simply make it better working AI. Until one day we have the AI that people are thinking of. This ain't it.  That's really the point. Microsoft knows that this just a brute force trained with a lot of data and compute power AI. You can do Dal-E you can do video's, PDF's audio. It's just more and more brute force(tons of data and compute) models. That's in my thinking, why Microsoft agreed to the deal this way. Perhaps they're like well we don't have or won't have AGI (probably not until quantum computing is a thing) so yea whatever you guys. Perhaps the goal post movement of what AGI is. Well, that's were the lawsuits are going to fly I think.  It's literally the wizard of Oz trick. The man behind the curtain is hugging face. lol.  And here's the part that makes Ilya's entire argument (AGI safety for humanity) nonsense. This guy needed all of that compute power he need all of that money and now he wants to pick up his toys and go home "for the greater good of humanity." OpenAI could not exist without private equity. They didn't go to Russia and get state funding. They didn't go to the US and get federal funding. They didn't go to China and get that funding. They went right to the US private equity funding mechanisms and specifically Microsoft.  And they put a little rider in the agreement that IF WE ACHIEVE AGI then YOU GET CAPPED. Well, dude you're not at AGI. Nowhere near it. It has been documented and said that current transformer technologies won't be able to create AGI as we are thinking of it. The proper way to think of it. A little bit of SELF-REASONING and Learning and SELF-CREATION. Nowhere fucking near that.  So to Sam and Microsoft why not commercialize this thing that we have now? Why is it crazy that Sam is trying to make money for the company? Why would the board go through the drastic action of firing the CEO for NO GOOD REASON? Not worried about safety. Well, the safety guy quit along with a bunch of other KEY figures. So that argument is out the window. You're own safety guy quit in solidarity of Sam Altman. Just fly's in the face of your stupid safety argument.  Why are we safe? Because these models can not do ANYTHING that they haven't been trained to do. They don't think, they're no sentient, they don't feel or are aware of their existence. AT ALL. And the crazy person who tells that there is something that does this is a KOOK and is probably bat shit crazy.  So, in my opinion this is about power and control and profit versus non-profit and the supposed relation to AGI (which doesn't fucking exist). It's like saying IF god comes back to earth I will change my ways. The man replies ok but i'm going to need you to change your ways now so that WHEN god comes back to earth you have done all the right things now so that you will be ready for him WHEN he comes. Problem is, some of us don't believe in god so...  You can believe (in god/AGI) if you want to but if you put that in an agreement that effectively states when "GOD/AGI SHOWS UP" and the people signing the agreement look at you funny and say OK i'll sign that. You can't change the goal post of the definition of god/AGI showing up to make it seem like OMG god/AGI is almost here.  In anyevent, Ilya should resign. He's too unstable to be leading this technology. He thinks he's more important than he is. In follow up, Microsoft needs to get a seat on that damned board. This is a progressing shit show and it would be a lot better if it weren't.  [ 2023-11-18 21:12:40]
[So maybe this is all priced at a fair value?,;,; So basically Sam Altman is seeking a 7,000,000,000 fund raising deal to make generative artificial intelligence.   If you ask me GAI or OPEN AI; is beginning to sound a lot like the beginning of Skynet, thinking maybe puts on the world might be the play.  Thinking we are about 10 years out from real intelligence and about another 7-8 to where robots like Optimus Gen 4-5 from Tesla can handle guns and are deployed like soldiers.  Anyways NVIDIA is probably fairly valued if they are the hardware play. Microsoft will eat AI companies to fund OPEN AI as it and Tesla create some half mixed AI that pretends to be our friend till that half baked stock payment abuser Elon gives it legs and a drawn on six pack.  So until shit hits the fan. Go long on $MSFT, $NVIDIA, and $TESLA. Pretty sure Tesla will pivot from a car company to the company selling the most advanced robotics in the world. Robotics are worth more than cars so if it sells then I’m game.  Trade stocks while you can, I have a feeling generative AI will make you chumps trading SPY looking like you really are just throwing it all on black or red.  SPY to $600 , I think it’s fair.,;,; 2024-02-09 23:45:19]
[PROFIT Update: NVDA YOLO will it pay off,;,; Many of you were asking for me to post an update on my $NVDA weekly call option profits. Today I sold near open. Could've made about 20k more if timed it perfectly but I have no regrets, I am very happy!!   I made around 181k (in USD) in profits, and this account went from 38k to around 219k (in USD)  I am now DCA into dividend stocks over the next few weeks, mixed in with some "growth" stocks mixed in that still pay a little dividend. Some of you were asking which dividend stocks I plan to buy, and this is not financial advice and DYOR but they include: AAPL, MSFT, NVDA (very small opening position at this price), JPM, SBUX, KO, PG, and O.  Of these, at today's (May 25, 2023) prices, my fav starting price positions are for SBUX and O (think these are good price for these 2 stocks especially). Again, not financial advice.  Happy to collect dividends from this portfolio going forward!   2023-05-25 22:43:54]
[This is a small dumb little thing but it's HUGE in its Implications - Google Puts Chrome On Windows ARM - Effectively Seeding Chromebooks,;,; The browser wars are back!  Hi, I am the ARM guy with a position in ARM, Google, MSFT and 1 share of Apple to see what it does (;)   [It looks here that Google has reversed course to play nice with Windows ARM.]( The reasons for this are related to AI because if users have to use native Edge to get any useful AI experience when the onslaught of Windows on Arm devices start to roll out Chrome would have been at a severe disadvantage.   In a way, Chrome had to do this.   The implications are huge here. Google, in effect, is saying our AD business is more important than our Chromebook business. Microsoft will be able to roll out more cheaper and battery efficient Windows devices as a result effectively taking Chromebook notion off of the table. That last part is just how I see it but it makes sense.   Even more than that AI will be so integral to the OS that the only way Google can hope to fight back is with Chrome so that is probably another additive reason of why this makes sense.   Interesting tidbit of information as the 2000's are back baby!,;,; 2024-01-26 14:29:10]
[What's your sentiment about next week's earnings,;,; Feel like most earnings report will be positive overall, as a lot of earnings expectations have been readjusted lower. What's your plays?  Position: 10 297.5 4/28 MSFT calls,;,; 2023-04-22 06:17:30]
[Last Two Days Explained: Bears Lose,;,; It has been quite some time since I have posted here, lets see how shitty it still is.   Yesterday bears were winning, they had had strung together 5-6 days in a row after Powell said "no. no. no I wouldn't say that" in response to a Reuters reporter asking "is a soft landing your base case?"      Then the SEP (I know many don't know or track this) shows in his fancy power point slides that we should be at 5% all of 2024 - ouch. Higher for longer represented officially for the first time - much higher for longer than the market had expected. Specifically the market was thinking "the fed MUST be done soon, remember Aug 17th when bad news = good news and we rallied off the recent low? Our economy is shit, unemployment is going higher, GDP is slowing, so that means FED cuts are coming!" and the bulls piled in. Everyone like Tom Lee saying "new highs by end of the year!"      Well that lasted only so long, and Powell all but killed the bulls after his recent FOMC speech and his quite "hawkish pause" locking in expectations for higher for longer.      Since then, 10YR and 30YR have been ripping. Oil has been ripping. Dollar has been ripping. JPY/USD had been falling. China has been Falling.      \^\^ this is all super bearish.      So what do professionals and even retail do? They go short. They buy puts. They sell calls. Funds unwind their long leverage... and... markets sell off.      On Wednesday the trend continues down, right to about to levels where we bounced on Aug 17th. Around 2pm EST Zuck takes the stage at his shit conference. The man doubles down on Quest, AR, VR, Metaverse style ideas and the market hates it... META drops about 3% in 30 minutes. Keep in mind, Quest sales have been declining and that META's hardware department loses 17B of its 35B in operating profit. So... META makes 35B each year lets say, and they throw 17B at hardware/metaverse/AR/Glasses/Goggles/Joysticks and legless avatars.      The man is on stage talking about how we can all use MSFT products in our work meetings in the AR Metaverse. Yawn.      Market hates it.      Real quick tho - can you imagine seeing a human being in those Ray Ban glasses with a fucking camera pointed at you? Walking around in public somewhere livestreaming their worthless lives? Maybe its just me but who has the balls to do that? Is it even legal in most places - and regardless one MAGA guy is going to yank them off your face and destroy them. Doesn't that just self identify you as a follower of Zuckerberg - or a Facebook boomer? God I just personally hate the whole thing.      Moving on.      Zuck then quickly moves on and starts saying the magic word: AI.      Keep in mind, the market is now down about .8% at this point and META is down 3.5%. All the bears, across all tech, are basically now seeing the market hit those levels and they have a lot of gains. Puts get closed, shorts get covered. That leads to buying...      Simultaneously Zuck says AI 5 more times and... retail starts buying, or closing shorts, or both - who cares. But a bottom forms and the squeeze is on. Zuck mentions MSFT, AMZN and NVDA over the course of 15 minutes and the magnificent 7 just start rallying and squeezing higher and higher. Week hands get liquidated, others cover their shorts before its too late and SPY/QQQ print a vertical green line for about 1.5 hours straight. Pretty cool for the bulls, total shit for the bears.      Now the sentiment is shifting a bit... fintwit and reddit and the BTFD crowd say in unison "told you, stonks only go up!" And confidence builds. The rally continues - a nice one actually.      Overnight futures drift higher and everything seems well until... more bad news... Government revises GDP and consumer spending numbers. GDP is reduced an consumer spending is reduced.      Economy worse, people spending less. SUPER BULLISH remember? Bad news is good news because it means the FED is done right? It's getting what it wants, the economy is slowing and people are broke again. YES! BUY BUY BUY      So in the AM the markets find their bottom on this report as soon as the market opens and dumbasses can trade options again. Puts get closed, calls get bought, VIX gets crushed. BULLISH! The rally continues cause bad news = good news.      And that brings us to the PCE report tomorrow AM. Well... if GOV reduced consumer spending lower that means, most likely, consumer spending will come in lower again tomorrow in the report. People are spending even less! Awesome! BULLISH!      People front run it, getting calls in expectation that PCE comes in "cooler" tomorrow - which it probably will. If PCE comes in cool tomorrow, expect another "August 17th style bounce" and the bulls to be in control again for a while.   Thats all I got.      &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-09-28 22:23:35]
[So with both ASML and TSM(C) earnings/calls complete how do we feel for the future of AI/semi-conductor chips sentiment?,;,; So as the title implies, how do you feel about the future of AI/semi-conductor companies or the market as a whole? I mean we had this huge upheaval/hype in companies that are developing AI (generative) or produces advanced semi-conductor chips that facilitates the AI's processing capabilities.  Yet, despite ASML/TSM earnings, hitting their targets, guidance weren't as aloof or exciting as NVDA/MSFT/GOOGL made it out to be for AI. It also seemed like they didn't see any short-term demand explosively grow. Should we take it as it'll be just some time needed to develop the market similar to the hype around TSLA/EV's in 2020-2021? Or was all this hype surrounding AI merely just a short term cash grab and soon a correction will come kind of like the one that happened with EV's back in 2021.  Don't get me wrong, I do believe that AI will be a huge boon to the economy in the long run, but I feel that the sentiment and hype around it have been way overblown. And that sentiment may sour if short-term growth in AI related stocks if they can't show significant growth in their earnings report (NVDA/MSFT/AMD etc).  **Earnings overviews of:**  **ASML:** [  **TMS(C):** [  **Positions:** QQQ 7/21 calls 387 and puts of 384 (was afraid of earnings iv and premiums were insane so i went with an attempted QQQ straddle play),;,; 2023-07-20 13:00:53]
[Crayon Drawings for Impending Sell Off,;,; After 500mg of caffeine and a 20-minute meditation, I felt particularly "artistic" and decided to doodle on charts with crayons. In this post, I will examine, in my opinion, the seven most important signals of the market: SPX (S&amp;P), QQQ (NASDAQ), IWM (Russel), DIA( Dow Jones), VIX (Volatility Index), AAPL (Apple), and MFST (Microsoft).  Starting off with SPX, we can see that it has broken out of its long-term downtrend MOAT (Mother of all trends) and even broke out of its February down trend. Currently, it appears to be in "no man's land," with the biggest form of resistance coming from the previous high in February. I personally see no reason for SPX to start pushing up above the February high, but if anyone has a reasonable explanation as to why it might, I am all ears. The RSI (Relative strength index) is at 62.58, and, as demonstrated by the white horizontal line, just about every time it gets to this area, it is followed by a significant decline. Looking at the MACD (Moving average convergence divergence), we can see that the histogram is in positive territory as well as the MACD line. However, it appears to be turning over and going to the downside. Keep in mind this is in the daily time frame.  [\[SPX\]](  Next, looking at QQQ, we can see that it is beginning to stall as it is in extremely overbought territory. The MACD line has passed the signal line, and it is CLEAR that downside momentum is beginning. Since QQQ already went above its February high, the next high it would have to overtake is from August of 2022, which is roughly 5% from current prices. I personally do not think this rally makes sense considering the state of AAPL and MSFT which I analyze down below. Together, both stocks comprise roughly a quarter of QQQ.  &amp;#x200B;  [QQQ](  Similar to SPX, DIA has broken through MOAT and it heading toward the February high. However, it is in overbought conditions. I don't see a melt up from here and I think it is about to fall with the rest of the indexes. Maybe it pushes a little higher and then it is in for the reckoning.  &amp;#x200B;  [DIA](  Here's where it gets a bit confusing for me, and any explanation is welcome. IWM looks like it is ready to pop. It is definitely "the canary in the Cole mine". It is oversold and on the MACD, and the looks like it is heading up on the RSI as well. It looks like it has room to run to the upper end of the trend line (shown in yellow). Maybe QQQ and SPX go on to drop while IWM pops but something tells me they are going to move in harmony.  &amp;#x200B;  [\[IWM\]](  The VIX is currently at 17.07. The VIX usually spikes with earnings, which are right around the corner. Additionally, it appears to be forming a bullish divergence.  &amp;#x200B;  [\[VIX\]](  Do I even need to explain? I mean, if you had to take a guess... where do you think it is AAPL is going? AAPL makes up 7.08% of SPX and 12.43% of QQQ.  &amp;#x200B;  [\[AAPL\]](  Finally, looking at Microsoft, it is trading right at its August high, with no catalyst to push it above this point. Microsoft comprises 12.68% of QQQ and 6.2% of SPY.  [MSFT](  In conclusion: everything looks like it is about to sell off. I am extremely bearish. I do not know \*when\* the sell off will begin, but I think it is wise to average into SPXS or SQQQ as current conditions present downside. In light of economic conditions, I find it difficult to believe that we are not going to be experiencing an earnings recession that would serve as a catalyst to the downside coming off of extremely overbought conditions.,;,; 2023-04-16 04:09:03]
[NVDA bull case through big tech earnings,;,; Big tech earnings are coming up. Most are on the week starting July 24th, so a little bit over a week. AAPL 7/25, MSFT 7/25, META 7/25, GOOG 7/25, AMZN 7/27, etc.  Some of you may be looking into buying calls on these tech companies to play earnings but that's a casino play.  The big brain play is NVDA. During the earnings calls, the big tech companies are gonna repeat these two letters: AI. And who sells the shovels to this gold (and crypto) mine? NVDA.  The best part is NVDA earnings isn't until Aug 23, so there's no real IV crush after the big tech earnings. My plan is to buy and hold nvda calls through the earnings and sell right after.  &amp;#x200B;  tldr: AI = NVDA. **Sept 15 $500c**. not financial advice. dont be a regard and listen to this regard.,;,; 2023-07-13 22:10:09]
[ATVI hearing / insurance play,;,; Well I’m not much of a gambler, and I’ve posted several times on the MSFT/ATVI deal (positions ~300 shares with long calls sold on them).  Today is supposedly the last day of the hearing that will see if the FTC tries an emergency block of the acquisition.  Insurance was cheap so I bought around 50 puts in the 80-82 dollar range expiring tomorrow.  Total was ~$500.    Given how cheap it was I’m almost hoping they block the deal.  If it blows up I’ll post gain porn, if I lose I lose $500 and no one gives a shit here.,;,; 2023-06-29 19:56:24]
[What Options Activity is Saying About the Market,;,; As options and derivatives have become much larger portions of how the market is traded, looking at open volume of said options can provide a lot of insight on future market prices.  Currently **Jan 19** (the first monthly option exp date of 2024) has a ton of call volume. Lets take a look at the open puts/calls for the magnificent 7 stocks for that exp date.  **JAN 19 OPEN PUTS/CALLS**  Ticket    /     Open Puts   /  Open Calls    /       Put/Call Ratio  \-------------------------------------------------------------------------------  APPL:    /       977K      /         1,112K           /           0.87  MSFT:     /     489K        /         459K           /            1.05  GOOGL:   /   497K        /         683K           /             0.73  AMZN:    /    1,092K      /       1,355K          /            0.81  NVDA:    /     571K         /        610K          /              0.94  META:   /       470K      /           655K           /            0.72  TSLA:     /      983K      /          1,679K        /             0.59  \---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  All data pulled from barchart [  The options activity for these stocks are very bullish looking into the first month of 2024. And have much more options activity overall for that date then any other exp date currently available.  That being said, the next big date for options activity is the triple witching date **Mar 15** (this is when Quarterly, Monthly, and Weekly options all expire on the same date)  **MAR 15 OPEN PUTS/CALLS**  Ticket    /    Open Puts  /   Open Calls     /      Put/Call Ratio  \-------------------------------------------------------------------------------  APPL:      /     267K          /      292K          /              0.92  MSFT:    /      103K         /       103K          /             1.00  GOOGL:   /   153K         /        117K          /             1.30  AMZN:     /   188K         /         208K          /             0.87  NVDA:    /    168K         /        116K           /            1.44  META:    /      56K          /          60K           /             0.93  TSLA:    /       352K         /         323K        /              1.09  \---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Looking at this date shows a bearish sentiment going into the end of the first quarter. With 4 of the stocks actually having a 1.00 or higher put/call ratio indicating bears in control of options volume for those dates.  **Summary**  Important thing to keep in mind is that the market tends to react a bit earlier (1-2 weeks) to options activity then the actual exp date. Based off the options activity for the next 3-4 months the market is pricing in a top early to mid January with a selloff going into the end of the first quarter. This would also correlate nicely with IRA and 401K contributions on Jan 1st adding even more fuel to go up in the short term before Jan 19.  **Disclaimer: this is not financial advice and options activity is only an strong indicator and the market can move however it wants**,;,; 2023-12-18 19:34:37]
[Market Recap 4/21/23 - The Recession is Cancelled,;,; Friday 4/21/23  Me this week:          **The Fed**  The Fed needs to raise more, a lot more, at this moment, right now! 2023 US tax revenue is trending down about \~30% compared to 2022, but the US deficit is expected to exceed 2 trillion this year. Here is what’s bothering me: with the US government on a spending spree, how is the Fed supposed to tighten? The Fed is on schedule to shrink their balance sheet by 60 billion per month, which is less than 1 trillion a year. However, the US government is basically injecting 2 trillion a year into the system. I don’t see how liquidity can ever go down.    Just a reminder that the Fed is only expecting 1% GDP growth this year and a 4.5% unemployment rate. So far, we are tracking 2% GDP growth and a 3.5% unemployment rate. The Fed is very far from done.    **The Economy**  This week’s economic data is confusing, to say the least. We got Empire State roaring higher on Monday, then Philly Fed face-slapping bad, and conference board LEI puking yesterday. But how can you end the week without another jumping surprise from SP Global flash PMI? Today’s data showed both manufacturing (11-month high) and service (6-month high) jumped to expansion territory. New orders are at an 11-month high, job growth is solid, and prices are higher too. JPMorgan said, “The April flash PMI showed unexpected and broad-based improvement, suggesting further positive momentum in the US economy, a more sustained pace of expansion, and tighter monetary and credit conditions do not appear to be significantly slowing activity at this time.”    So I was trying to find out why consumers and businesses are so resilient in a tightening environment. And look what I found:   ***Savings, so much savings.***   US household savings are still sitting at a historical high. And not just a little high, but 4X high! From 1 trillion before the pandemic to close to 5 trillion today.  You mfs keeps whining about inflation but look at how much cash you are hoarding!    Even though the saving rate is down from 10% before COVID to 5% now, the absolute dollar amount is still higher than before COVID!     Corporate, on the other hand, has a cash position declining much faster, but still higher than before the pandemic.    The interest coverage ratio (calculated by dividing earnings before interest and tax by the cost of a company's debt-interest payments) is declining rapidly but still higher than before the pandemic. However, the debt-to-equity ratio is declining too, indicating that US companies are deleveraging (taking less risk).    Looks like it’s going to take the Fed a lot more rate hikes for a much longer time to bring inflation down.  &amp;#x200B;  **The Business**  MSFT, META, AMZN will report next week.   "With tech ownership super concentrated, results to come in these stocks are critical if this equity market is to hold. MSFT and NOW next week will be huge tests in my view. They do not have to be big beats or raises, they need to be clean and stable." - JPM  Big techs are last year's biggest losers who turned out to be this year's biggest winners. Funds are looking for stability and safety. It’s not that the market is overlooking risks, but rather that all the risks are priced into small caps.      So far, 76% of $SPX companies have beaten EPS estimates to date for Q1, which is below the 5-year average of 77%, but above the 10-year average of 73%.    I will do a weekly recap over the weekend, focusing on earnings and yield, and update my year-end target model. Stay tuned.  &amp;#x200B;  Have a nice weekend everyone,;,; 2023-04-21 21:49:26]
[$63k from 4k in 30 days,;,; Started off about $4k in my risky options account in February. Wanted to compound on a bunch of good setups that I felt strongly about. Cashing out $63k today.    Biggest winners $21k in 6 mins on SE Calls after earnings    $21k in 22 mins on SBNY Puts today    Smaller wins  $10k in AA Calls  $6k in CRWD Calls  $4k in AAPL Calls  $4k in META Calls   and a bunch of other smaller winners between $300-2k a scalp  &amp;#x200B;  Biggest losses   TSLA Put Scalp Surprisingly enough -3k - 8% of play  MSFT Calls -2k - 10% of play  bunch of other small losers anywhere from $100 to 1k,;,; 2023-03-10 17:05:21]
[Dont be a Chad! Sometimes we have to seek Value! Prospect Capital PSEC insiders buying! CEO used own cash in September owns 73 million share,;,; Prospect Capital is a BDC \[Business development company\]. For tax purposes they must pay 90% of income in the form of dividends. Whether the stock goes up or down, they pay monthly dividends of 6 cents. This comes out to 72 cents a year. Based on current stock price that is nearly 13% yield. Before anyone tries to say the dividend will be cut, the company has paid dividends since 2004! It has been steady at 6 cents a month since 2017! Also, the last 2 quarters earnings have been strong enough to support these dividends. Earnings has been good enough to actually increase dividends slightly, but I do not expect it.  PSEC is a financial investment company. They own real estate, do some venture capitalism but mainly they loan companies money at higher rates, many of these loans are secure.  The reason why I am posting this DD now? Insiders have been buying after earnings in early November. The CFO the CFO's husband \[not her boyfriend!\] the COO. Also, the CEO owns 73 million shares or nearly 20% of the entire company. It is also important to note that the CEO takes 0 salary. The CFO and COO have a 175K salary. The COO bought 40,000 shares or near 250,000 dollars without a big salary. Proof is attached! You can also get alot of information on Morningstar. Good luck regards! Dont be a Chad! Sometimes there are other stocks than TSLA NVDA AMD RBLX AAPL MSFT PLTR etc,;,; 2023-12-04 13:37:47]
[30 Reasons Why Markets Fall From Here,;,; 1. Slowing economic growth  2. Rising Interest Rates   3. Persistent inflation  4. Overbought conditions   5. Tech tensions between US and China   6. Dampened sentiment and positioning support coming out of a big June rally  7. Inverted yield curve   8. Dampened corporate operating leverage   9. Higher-for-Longer global monetary policy   10. Factory orders undershot consensus and saw deceleration from the April pace  11. ISM in contraction for the past 8 months   12. US preparing to curtail Chinese companies access to cloud-computing services. (AMZN, MSFT, Etc)   13. China will restrict gallium and germanium exports widely used in semiconductors and  EVs (NVDA, MU, AMD, TSLA)   14. China Caixin services PMI missed expectations   15. Economists revised up peak rate forecasts  16. Eurozone business slips into contractionary territory in broad based downturn across the bloc   17. UK private sector slows sharply last month as higher interest rates weigh on demand   18. Chinese adviser stated the curbs on gallium and germanium are “just the beginning”   19. Russia and Ukraine war risks escalating. Nuclear plant hit would affect entirety of Europe   20. US Stocks moving in different directions. S&amp;P 500 correlation near record lows  21. FOMC policy statement stated fed keeps fund rates unchanged at 5.00-5.25% though policy statement tweaked to say it was holding target range steady “at this meeting.” Leaving room for changes to fed fund rate in next meeting.   22. Market also surprised by 50bp rise in median 2023 rate projection in the updated SEP   23. Two more rate hike expected  24. Fed will not cut rates with December median fed funds of ~5.40% up from ~5.27% a year ago, market now not pricing first cut until March 2024  25. 2nd half of 2023 more challenging given the big 1H rally  26. Overly optimistic soft landing expectations   27. Profit cuts with companies unable to pass more cost increases along to consumers  28. S&amp;P is at most extended levels against consensus since September 2020   29. S&amp;P is 8% above average wall street forecast of 4,100   30. Hedge funds positioned for more dollar weakness from here.   Edit:   31. Jobless claims rising for past few months,;,; 2023-07-05 14:55:19]
[Since the CMA blocked MSFT's deal with Activision in the UK...,;,;  ... and MFST is currently in the process of laying off 10k emloyees, couldn't they just lay off the 6k ppl they have working in the UK and call it a day?  Surely nothing important is siloed in the UK, and then they'd get to do what they planned.  Also, I think it'd be funny for government regulators to face the consequences of their actions hehe especially when the UK is already suffering from Brexit and gas shortage. I mean they really are going for it over there, I'm sure MSFT can oblige and help push them over the edge?,;,; 2023-04-27 03:18:37]
[NVDIA, TSLA, TSM, PLTR, SMCI and QQQ,;,;   Hello regards, after the crazy market session with SMCI loosing the $1k level , and with NVDIA ER coming to play next week, I saw lots of posts with probable moves on PLTR, TSM, SMCI and others.  Since IV is quit high for options play in SMCI and NVDIA, if the prices tanked we will not see Put or Call gains. However some regards sugested to go with QQQ, trying to capture the NVDIA movement, I did some charts and from my regardness ( I cant read candles, only YOLO charts), my points are summarized bellow:  1. TSLA:  There is a likelihood that TSLA can be rebound if the market start to sell-of NVDIA after the ER. The chart shows migration from TSLA to NVDIA in January.  2. QQQ : seems does not capture the moves of NVDIA, by the chart presented.  3. PLTR: keep the same NVDIA moviment, if one goes down the other goes too...  4.TSM: looks like after Feb/07 investors also have migrate to NVDIA. But TSM also can follow the NVDIA's patterns post ER.  5. SMCI: this crazy rocket since Jan/17 has it own move ...and the NVDIA results or moves can affect only by fear of wich were happened to SMCI (my gues, I am not an expert).  Any thoughts? Something that I missed or my ape brain could not figure out ?  Disclaymer : I have positions in MSFT and AAPL - calls and both are red :(), Put on COIN and Put on CSCO.  But I am considering buying some Calls on TSLA for DTE 03/15, Put on PLTR and TSM.  TLDR: If NVDIA hit the wall after ER, PLTR seems to follow also SMCI, however TSLA has small chance of rebound, since the migration can be reversed after NVDIA ER.,;,; 2024-02-18 00:21:33]
[Your lotto play for META's earnings tonight,;,; Yesterday, I posted about MSFT's earnings [and anyone who listed banked hard]( The stock is up 8.5% today, calls up massively. My last earning post before that was last week with [Tesla]( which did extremely well too. Now we're looking to print more with META today. Who's ready?   The company will report its Q1 2023 earnings today after market close. The Facebook parent has been one of the greatest beneficiaries of tech's year-to-date rally, the company's stock climbing nearly fucking *70%* in 2023 ($124 -&gt; $211). The company's "year of efficiency" messaging and execution has resonated with shareholders (us), so the next question is – can ol' Zucky keep it up?   Here's what analysts on Wall Street are expecting to see out of Meta:  * Revenue: $27.67 billion  * EPS: $2.01  * Advertising Revenue: $26.76 billion  * Family of Apps Revenue: $26.88 billion  * Reality Labs Operating Losses: $3.8 billion  I expect the stock to beat the consensus estimates of earnings and revenues. The company outperformed the street estimates in the last quarter, despite a 4% y-o-y drop in the total revenues to $32.17 billion. The top line primarily suffered due to lower advertising revenues. Notably, the average revenue per user was down on a year-on-year basis. That said, the daily active users improved in the quarter. I expect the Q1 result to be on similar lines.  Meta's "Year of Efficiency" has involved substantial cost-cutting at the company. In March, Meta announced it would lay off [10,000 workers]( building on the company's previous layoff announcement back in November, which affected [11,000 employees]( At the close of 2022, Meta had more than 80,000 employees. The impact of Meta’s cost-cutting initiatives such as reducing its headcount will be scrutinized.  A number of analysts are coming into this earnings cycle with substantial optimism about Meta's trajectory (including me). JPMorgan's Doug Anmuth currently has Meta at Overweight and raised his price target on March 24 for the company to $270 from $225, reiterating the company as a "top pick."  "Importantly, 2023 may be the 'Year of Efficiency,' but we believe Meta is building the critical muscle for financial discipline over the long term," he wrote in the March note. "Meta shares have more than doubled off their early November lows but we still think there’s meaningful upside ahead driven by accelerating revenue growth, continued cost efficiencies, and still attractive valuation."  However, challenges remain for Meta, as investors will look for improvement in the much-talked-about losses generated by the company's metaverse operation, Reality Labs, which lost a [whopping $13.7 billion in 2022]( Reality Labs is expected to report a loss of [$3.8 billion]( in the first quarter, up from a loss of $2.96 billion for the same period last year. However, this would be an improvement quarter-over-quarter, with Meta posting a $4.28 billion loss from Reality Labs in 4Q 2022.  Additionally, company watchers are hoping Meta can begin to leave the digital ad slowdown of the last year in its past. Early data indicates that, on the ad market front at least, there could be a light at the end of the tunnel. The decrease was due to a slight drop in advertising revenues, which suffered because of tough macroeconomic conditions. The same was evident from the ARPU figure for the year – down 3% y-o-y. On the flip side, the DAUs increased by 4% y-o-y. I believe the Q1 results will follow the same trend.  "We think investors are cautiously optimistic on an improving digital ad market, while META has improved its cost structure and have given investors more confidence in management's commitment to profitability," wrote Deutsche Bank analyst Benjamin Black on April 24. "Recent ad checks indicated March ad spend was higher than anticipated and engagement data with Facebook and Instagram has been positive relative to peers."  So despite the Reality lab losses, I think META will beat estimates and will shoot up AH. So the play will be similar to MSFT, a call spread. I'll be getting META 4/28 215c and selling the 230c. This will cost $470, but can offer 3.2x gains if this goes our way.,;,; 2023-04-26 16:37:31]
[Microsoft executive email accounts were accessed by Russian hackers from last November to early January,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-20 06:51:52]
[Abbvie buying Immunogen. Still 10% away from buy price,;,; Abbvie has agreed to buy Immunogen at à price of $31.26 per share. Right now as of close the share price fromc IMGN is sitting at 29.29, a full $2/share off of the deal price. I think after all the failure from FTC trying to block the MSFT ATVI merger, they're not going to take a risk and try to block a merger unless it's very, very sure that they're going to be successful.    They're buying ImmunoGen to get their hands on a promising cancer treatment called Elahere. Elahere belongs to a new class of treatments called antibody-drug conjugates (ADC) that precisely targets cancer cells, potentially reducing toxicity for other cells.    Lina Khan NEEDS her next case to be a win.      The merger will close mid June 2024.      Guggenheim, BMO Capital, Deutsche Bank, Jeffries alll took a good look at this deal and raised their price target to $31. That alone shows me that they think this deal is solid and will go through.      This is how I'll play it. I'll be closely looking at IMGN's price and buying shares by small 3k-5k chunks if it somehow dips.,;,; 2023-12-01 21:13:33]
[QQQ hitting $410 by summers end,;,; - EUROPOOR 600 is ATH  - Japanese 225 is ATH  - NVDA AAPL CHEESEBURGER STOCK ATH  - economy is so good  - home prices up  - escorts more expensive  - inflation also down  - bag of chips will be $5 but CPI will be 3.1% EOY  - companies should be worth more  - if you not buying you a bitch  - we not defaulting  - Congress drinking Red Bulls to stay awake  - Congress getting shit done  - calls  - I have a mclaren 570s worth of TQQQ  - I ain’t playin  - bears can suck my dick  - companies making bank  - AI changing the future  - AI sex bots, AI kitchen, AI cars n shit  - AI powered hoods  - cyberpunk shit  - aapl should honestly be worth 4.2 trillion  - MSFT should be 3.3 trillion,;,; 2023-05-24 20:39:25]
[Microsoft and Amazon earning expectations?,;,; What are the expectations for the earnings of Microsoft and Amazon?,;,; 2023-10-23 16:53:15]
[Why is $SAVE training at a near 90% Discount?,;,; Fellow regards  If you want to be a Millionaire, start with a billion dollars and launch a new airline.   That might be true and investing in an airline, especially Spirit, may not sound like the best gamble but wait :   As you may know Spirit Shareholders have accepted an all cash offer from JetBlue. The current share price is miles away from the agreed price. Also a dividend is paid monthly, returning near 7% p.a. at current levels.   Here are the facts of the merger : - A one time dividend cash payment of $2.50 per share for holders on record as of 9/12/22 was paid.  Starting 2023, a ticking fee of $.10 per share is paid monthly to shareholders as compensation for waiting for deal to close.  When deals closes, $JBLU will pay $33.50 less $2.50 less all applicable ticking fees - if deals closes.  If deal closes in January 2024 or thereafter, jblu will pay $34.15 less $2.50 less any ticking fees.  If deal falls through, jblu will pay $3.55/sh termination fee less 2.50 less ticking fees already paid (400M termination fee divided by 112.4M outstanding shares).   So where's the catch ? The DOJ is suing that merger. So far so good, my bets are against the FTC and the DOJ (see current MSFT/ATVI) but that's not the point.   When the DOJ startet suing against the merger the deal was substantially different. The best shot the DOJ had was the 'northeast alliance'. This alliance between JetBlue and american is cancelled. Apart from that JetBlue has made lots of promises with gates and slots and whatever to hand to other ULCC airlines If the deal passes.   The Trail should start at 10/16 and was prosponed for a week. That was anounced just 2 days after the pretrial conference between the DOJ and the airlines.  The judge said he will rule to the end of this year.    So what's my thesis. The market thought the deal gets hammered from the DOJ but missed the substantial changes in the current year.   That's said . What are you're thoughts ? Easy 90% or a regard telling BS.,;,; 2023-10-07 15:49:31]
[With the FOMC coming this Wednesday, do you think it'll have a broad impact on earnings?,;,; Just as the title said, do you think the FOMC interest rate hike will affect the earning season? Or will it just be a priced in/volatile 1 day event and we just keep chugging along? Personally, I'm thinking of loading a bunch of QQQ calls/puts towards Tuesday close for a straddle play into Wednesday, because of MSFT/Goog earnings. Or considering just looking at NVDA calls/puts in response to MSFT's earnings. What's your play? Or are you planning to sit it out?  Edit: Forgot to give my input, for the rest of the earning season I think this FOMC will be semi-important because it's the one before Jackson hole in August as there's no FOMC in August. It'll set the mood for that, and if JPOW comes out dovish markets will moon to the heaven's. If he comes out a bit cautious markets will still come out a bit ahead maybe not as much steam. But, good lord if he comes out hawkish in this upcoming FOMC, be prepared for markets to tank.,;,; 2023-07-24 11:24:21]
[Concentrated Gains in a Few Stocks, Loss evenly distributed?,;,; I've noticed an interesting trend in my portfolio and I'm curious if others have experienced something similar. The bulk of my gains, a whopping 77% of my gains, can be attributed to just four stocks:  * NVIDIA (NVDA): 42% * Meta Platforms Inc. (META): 15.5% * Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): 10.4% * Microsoft Corporation (MSFT): 9.3%  Meanwhile, my losses are more evenly distributed across my other holdings. This concentration of gains has made me wonder if it's common to other investors as well.  Have any of you observed a similar pattern in your portfolios? Do you find that a few stocks drive the majority of your gains, while losses are more spread out?  &amp;#x200B;  [Gain breakdown from https:\/\/  [Loss breakdown from https:\/\/  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-06-17 03:49:05]
[Tomorrow's moves,;,; So with the reversal now mostly in hand after J. Powell all but said he ain't cutting rates and maybe even will consider another hike in Dec, the market is fu\*\*ed.  Fact we only went down .8% after being up, is strong.  However, every day forward, traders will be reminded that, no, we can't just assume a pivot, this thing is sticky.  Thus SPY 440 is gone, welcome spy 400.  AI is glitching in the best company ever:  Msft.  AAPL you thought?  No, it's flat earnings means the PE of 28 is going to end up being smashed.  AMZN?  Ya a PE of 70 with no growth at all.  Their margins are total shit.    Anywho, starting tomorrow i am selling put verticals on SLV and GLD (safe havens), and will continue to do so every day, doubling my money on each one, with weeklies.    Then (already sold Call Verticals on AAPL, META, and QQQ, SPY all expiring worthless (knock on wood) tomorrow after another blood red day, I will be putting on this with the flush cash I'll be receiving tomorrows expirations:  GS: this bank stock is sitting high and will sell the 315/320 CV expiring next week, for a triple my money goal (expect to receive $3.40 for cost of $1.60)  LLY: sell 590/595 at whatever price it is and double up this one too.  QQQ: same   SPY:  same  FCX:  sell the ATM CV one week expiration  COF:  102/106 CV one week collecting about $2.20 or so.  The goal is to double my money every week.  I did triple up in the past 2 days from $1500 to $4500, so lets' start this journey.  All proceeds go to the Kenyan Orphanage I am starting when I retire!,;,; 2023-11-10 02:55:46]
[SAVE is a BUY... changed to discussion post. SMH,;,;    So...hear me out, it'll be short and simple but logical. the issues with spirit solely rely politically at this point. I do not believe this is an Activision/MSFT-type case either. The whole case is based on monopoly issues from the DOJ, etc. The biggest airlines in the 'top 5' range in market share of 17 percent Alaska being at around 6 percent. Jetblue sits around 5.5 percent following Spirit's 5.1 as of last market data. The deal will not vastly improve Jetblue's market size but rather actually help cool down the dominant positioning the big 4 have right now by having to compete with an airline that has 17 percent more planes for customers and will be able to keep costs down from that as well, minutely. In this whole issue, no one has talked about Frontier Airlines, another major low-cost carrier that with this deal will also gain market share from the merger by offering low-cost fairs to more customers that not won't be buying from the Spirit brand. that issue alone I think will make it hard for the DOJ to bring a solid case that this merger will disrupt low-cost fairs to consumers, which is their main fight in this case.  As for options...no money is free money and when this deal goes through, the IV crush will be so big, your mother will feel it in her ass as an earthquake. This is not financial advice just my opinion on the matter but buying January 19th, 2024 calls at a strike of 15.00 to 30.00 dollars is my position currently, holding a few hundred. the intrinsic value of that difference will make the IV crush nonexistent.  Cheers and happy money-making bitches,;,; 2023-11-18 15:46:24]
[NVDA vs CISCO dot com,;,; A simple comparison between Cisco back to the 2000 tech bubble and NDVA nowadays.  Cisco ended as the biggest US stock during the dot com, market cap at the top = 555b, adjusted to inflation 980b  [chart 1 CSCO](  As the (non log) chart shows its % gains were absolutely crazy even compared to MSFT and SPY during the tech bubble.  (chart 1) I took (1) and (2) as chart samples then compared to NVDA's current rally (same timeframe and scale) because these were the major bullruns that ended with the highest weekly ADX values, aka how much the price action tends to be vertical in this case.  [chart 2 NVDA](  **RELATIVE VALUATION COMPARISON**  ||CISCO (dot com top)|NVDA| |:-|:-|:-| |**P/E**\*|201|221| |**P/S**\*|38|40| |P/FCF|176|222| |ROE|14%|20.8%| |Market cap|980b adj|1,047b|  \*we all know about p/e stories, multiple interpretations, it does not matter for growth stocks etc... even tho NVDA has been a profitable business for a long time (net % margin 2021= 39% now = 28%, so it can't be compared with infinite p/e stocks like CRM or AMZN) ... but a reminder about the price to sales ratio which is a more raw indicator:  we haven't seen such p/s high values in a long time (prob never if I'm not wrong, ex small caps of course). To give an idea TSLA 2021 bullrun ended at 25-26 p/s  anyway, Cisco had for several years +200% to +55%  sales growth until the top  [old but gold paper](  back then, analysts were extremely optimistic about growth as well.  ***For your interpretation, enjoy.***,;,; 2023-06-17 05:39:15]
[Microsoft: At 1-year high -&gt; Whatsup?,;,; Key highlights -&gt;  **Revenue:** $52.9 billion (+7% YoY)  Revenue Breakdown -&gt;  **Productivity and Business Processes revenue:**  $17.5 billion (up 11%)  **Revenue in Intelligent Cloud: $22.1 billion (up 16%)**  **Personal Computing revenue: $13.3 billion (Down 9%)**  **Where did this growth come from?**  Revenue from Office Commercial products and cloud services was up 13%, Office Consumer products and cloud services rose 1%, LinkedIn was up 8%, and Dynamics products and cloud services revenue rose 17%  **Operating income:** $22.4 billion (+10% YoY)  **Net Profit:** $18.3 billion (+9% YoY)  **Earnings per share**: $2.45 (+10% YoY)  &amp;#x200B;  Are you tracking MSFT? It is at 1-year high!,;,; 2023-04-26 14:46:32]
[Top changes to open interest calls and puts (Thursday, Mar. 16),;,; Top gains in open interest call options  1. $QQQ: 131,788 2. $SCHW: 104,966 3. $SPY: 102,644 4. $BAC: 101,011 5. $C: 45,236  Top gains in open interest put options for  1. $QQQ:160,263 2. $SPY:123,578 3. $AAPL: 87,470 4. $BAC: 75,113 5. $MSFT: 56,015  Top percentage increase open interest calls  1. $FRC: 31% 2. $CFG: 28% 3. $SCHW: 26% 4. $TFC: 23% 5. $MTCH: 22%  Top percentage increase open interest puts  1. $FRC: 44% 2. $HOG: 25% 3. $FIVE: 23% 4. $ASO: 17% 5. $MTCH: 16%  [Source]( 2023-03-16 20:57:16]
[UK regulator blocks Microsoft’s acquisition of "Call of Duty" maker Activision Blizzard,;,;   I saw this being discussed in a non-investing sub, was curious to see what people here think. I'm a big MSFT fan but not sure what to expect of this news.   MSFT is up 7% and ATVI is down 11% at the time of me posting.  Additional articles with mostly same info:     2023-04-26 14:58:56]
[Microsoft completes $69bn takeover of Call of Duty-maker Activision Blizzard,;,; **Biggest Gaming Industry Deal**: Microsoft has sealed the deal on its $69bn acquisition of Activision Blizzard, marking the largest transaction in the gaming sector to date.  **Green Light from UK Regulators**: The UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) approved the deal after initial resistance, ensuring that their concerns were addressed in the revised terms.  **Deal Dynamics**:  * Microsoft will control major titles like "Call of Duty" and "World of Warcraft." * Rights to distribute Activision's games via cloud on consoles and PCs have been handed to Ubisoft. * Activision CEO Bobby Kotick to step down at the end of 2023.  **Global Regulatory Response**:  * Approved by EU regulators. * US competition watchdog's attempt to halt the deal was rejected.  **Potential Impact on Gaming Industry**:  * Microsoft aims to enhance its Xbox Game Pass service and expand into mobile gaming. * The acquisition could position Microsoft as a significant player in the gaming industry, potentially surpassing Nintendo. * Rivals like Sony have expressed concerns over the potential exclusivity of major Activision titles.  **Stock Implications**:  * Microsoft is paying cash for Activision at a premium price of $95 per share. * Activision's outgoing CEO, Bobby Kotick, is set for a $400m payday.  How do you think this acquisition will shape the future of the gaming industry and impact the stock trajectories of involved companies? Will this deal pave the way for further consolidation in the sector?  Full article on [BBC]( 2023-10-13 18:08:22]
[Why did Microsoft pay $75 billion ($95 per share) for Activision Blizzard when the deal was originally for $69 billion?,;,; Why did Microsoft pay $75 billion ($95 per share) for Activision Blizzard when the deal was originally for $69 billion?   Why did Microsoft pay more? AP and WSJ noted the difference in price and what Microsoft was willing to pay but didn’t explain why the increase in close price when the deal was for 69 Billion.,;,; 2023-10-13 15:42:41]
[The NYTs is suing Microsoft and I think there is a profitability play on their stocks,;,; What Happened Headlines yesterday were championed by the largest copyright lawsuit in the Manhattan Federal Court: The New York Times sues Microsoft and OpenAI. The copyright infringement lawsuit against the companies says that both used the newspaper’s content to train their models without permission. In doing so, the companies jeopardized Time’s business in its entirety. The Times also suggested in the filing that both companies should be liable for BILLIONS of damages. What prompted the lawsuit? Failed negotiations between the involved parties over the usage of Times material. They also stated they were worried about AI attributing false information to the newspaper. I guess when money is on the line news outlets decide to worry about whether their information is accurate or not. Now here is the real kicker - the Times is calling for both OpenAI and Microsoft to destroy all chatbots that use Times material. With OpenAI’s valuation, currently over $80 bn, coming almost completely from ChatGPT, this could compromise the integrity of the entire company.   The Simple Sides (My) Take The bad news is that I am not a legal professional and truly have no idea how this will go. While I do hold my own opinions, I have reached out to multiple lawyers to get more professional opinions and will be sure to add them here when they respond. In the meantime let’s jump into a couple of completely feasible outcomes.   The entire lawsuit is kaput: a.k.a, insignificant or thrown out  To me, this lawsuit is somewhat of a joke: “Newspaper upset that companies use articles available online.” I honestly DO NOT think the lawsuit will amount to much. It seems like journalists at the Times are worried that they are going to lose money and jobs to AI and aren’t happy about it - rightfully so. However, being scared and upset about AI replacing you isn’t a good reason to cry out to the long arm of the law. When the case gets underway it will be interesting to see the arguments presented by the legal team for the Times.   The New York Times wins the lawsuit If the Times wins the lawsuit it could be a major step in journalism’s fight against AI. Not only would the victory set a legal precedent for future AI copyright cases, but it would mean significant damages being paid to the Times. They (the Times) could come into billions of dollars, possibly boosting the stock (ticker: NYT) to 52-week highs. This could also lead to a revaluation of the AI industry. If websites can “charge” for AI models training on their information, the profitability scales might shift. The more content you have online the more you could capitalize on AI models. AI companies are also not heavily regulated at the moment. A win for the Times could shift lawmakers’ attention to the growing market sector.  Microsoft and OpenAI win the lawsuit  Similar to if the Times won, there would be a legal precedent set - AI models can be trained on any information. This could also reinforce the current AI industry and lead to possible growth in valuations for AI-invested stocks. The New York Times would also likely experience some negative effects, possibly paying lawyer fees for both defendants. In layman’s terms, Microsoft stock would be soaring up and the New York Times would be diving down.   Stock Movements Based on Lawsuit Outcomes We see the MSFT and NYT stocks moving in all sorts of directions depending on the outcome of the pending lawsuit. No need to worry, you’re reading The Simple Side, so we’re gonna break it down for you. If nothing happens and the lawsuit is thrown out then Microsoft might suffer some residual damage from the negative headlines, but the stock price will remain relatively steady. If the New York Times wins then its stock will likely jump up probably both in the short and mid-term, but Microsoft will likely have a significant short-term drop. If Microsoft wins then its stock will jump in both the short and mid-to-long-term, whereas the Times stock will drop in the short term and likely recover within the mid-term.  Could capitalize using options trade strategies. I wrote a full article about this and the profitability of the trades but out of respect for the “no promotion” sub guidelines I can’t post links. GOOD LUCK OUT THERE INVESTORS!,;,; 2023-12-28 18:27:00]
[News on the Microsoft, Activision/ Blizzard Merger,;,; I’m sure by now most people have seen the news about the FTC blocking Microsoft’s acquisition of Activision and Blizzard. I’m a novice investor just getting into it and I have interest in Microsoft. With a strong lineup of games for the rest of the year and into 2024 as well as the opening for competition in the AR goggle/ glasses world with the introduction from Apple (strictly my opinion) it seems Microsoft should do extremely well for the rest of the year. How does this injunction and blockage from the FTC effect stock prices moving throughout the rest of the year?    2023-06-14 13:12:02]
[I gave my 10-year-old grandson $500 to invest in September last year. One year later, here’s how his stock picks turned out.,;,; Here’s how he invested his $500:     * $100 into Apple (AAPL) **– UP 8.52%** * $100 into Microsoft (MSFT) **– UP 25.62%** * $100 into GLDB ETF **– UP 1.87%** * $125 into ATRFX Mutual Fund **– UP 25.38%** * $75 into Starbucks (SBUX) **– UP 10.34%**  Overall, my grandson is up nearly 15% in the last year (vs the S&amp;P 500’s 10%).   How do you think he did? Should I take all my investment advice from him?,;,; 2023-09-14 15:19:27]
[MSFT Freezes salaries for FET's,;,; [   According to an internal email MSFT will not give salary increases to  FTE's this year and has made it harder to get higher bonuses and stock  awards.  This basically reverses the salary bump they offered to FTE's  last year.  The move was likely taken to stave off further layoffs which  have deeply hit the tech sector this past year.,;,; 2023-05-10 16:50:57]
[Which Magnificent Seven company(ies) do you think will underperform the S&amp;P over the next decade?,;,; Which of the Magnificent Seven companies (Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Microsoft, NVIDIA, and Tesla) do you think are at the highest risk of having their competitive positioning(s) challenged over the next decade and what do you think will be the cause (i.e., losing market share to new entrants/competitors, erosion of pricing power, shifting consumer preferences, antitrust probes, etc.)?  ,;,; 2024-02-18 22:59:22]
[Nvidia reminds me of Cisco during dotcom.,;,; **Note**: This post is *descriptive* of my personal observations and is for discussion purposes only. It is neither *predictive* in what will happen next nor is it *prescriptive* in suggesting any course of investment actions.   I've only done [3 predictive posts]( on this sub and this won't be one of them.  For those who are too young to remember that time:  There was this new thing called "the Internet", and it was going to forever change the world (it eventually did), and every company that hypes up some sort of "internet tech" (could be simple landing page that sells stuff, i.e Pets.com) received sky high valuation.   And there was one company behind it that made it all possible: Cisco, the company that sells industrial routers and switches to telecom providers that power the backbone of the entire internet infrastructure, was *obviously* a company that was "selling shovels during a gold rush" and would take over the whole world.   Its share price went up 236% from Jan.1999 to March 2000, reached a valuation of $500B+ (record high for a company back then), P/E went through the roof but it didn't matter because the *Internet Revolution^TM* was *just beginning* (and it was), so naturally Cisco's share price could only go higher.  The cherry on the top was that back then the **top two** companies were *Microsoft* and *Cisco*, one would provide the software (**Internet Explorer baby!**) and the other would sell the hardware. Together they would rule the world!  Now if you replace "Internet" with "AI", and "Cisco" with "Nvidia", keep Microsoft as it is (but replace "IE" with ChatGPT"), and we have quite a mirror version of what's happening today.  Then we all know what happened. Cisco obviously survived the bubble burst and remains profitable and is still doing fine today, but $CSCO *never* recovered back to its dotcom bubble peak after crashing 80% during the dotcom bust, 23 years later.  Now will the same thing happen with $NVDA? Like I said I don't know and I'm not making any predictions. All I can say is that I see a lot of parallels *so far*.  **Edit**: For people replying to me arguing how you can't mine Bitcoins using network switches or how Cisco didn't do AI, *no kidding*, at no point did I claim the two companies are identical and sell the same things, that would be idiotic.  All I am saying is the *hype*, *expectation*, and *position* of these two companies in their respective backdrop, are *similar* to each other.,;,; 2024-01-11 08:39:35]
[100k sitting in CD account, interested in stocks,;,; I was told to come here and ask.   I have 100k in a CD account at 5% annually. I can pull these funds at anytime, with no penalty. I’ve been tempted lately to pull it all into the stock market. I was thinking investing in 3 major companies (Apple, Microsoft, Cummins). I’d hold these stocks for the next 10 years and hope for a better net than the CD would make me. Thoughts?,;,; 2024-01-16 21:54:41]
[Is there an index that concentrates on only the top 50 or so biggest companies / growers? (QQQ only focus on tech - I want the same but with all industries),;,; Title says it all.   I imagine my portfolio to be mainly VOO with a small blend of VXUS, AVUV and ideally something like QQQ but and it’s a big BUT: QQQ only focuses on tech.   Plenty of data shows that only a few top companies move the stock market. Microsoft is a beast for an example but I want a blend of “Microsoft like companies beyond just tech” for a diversified tippy top large cap.   Any funds come to mind?,;,; 2023-12-31 10:28:22]
[Looking for advice on "taking money off the table" from MSFT position,;,; I started building a position in Microsoft beginning in March 2020 and I am currently up 94%. I'm 37, I am fairly disciplined in my investment strategies, I play the long game, I automate and dollar cost average, etc etc. I plan to own Microsoft for a long time, and I wouldn't freak out if the market tanked tomorrow or something (I would keep automating and DCA).  BUT! Should I stay in my position and just keep setting and forgetting, or should I take some of the profits? Is so, about how much? And, do I use those funds to continue to buy MSFT or what?   Thanks for any thoughts you have!,;,; 2024-02-08 16:40:46]
[Investing 200$ every month,;,; What would you choose if you could only invest 200$ every month in something? I'm planning to either buy stocks from Amazon,Microsoft, Apple or Google or put in index fund. I want to play safe, and it will be a part of my retirement.   Any advice are greatly appreciated Thank you,;,; 2023-05-08 06:57:38]
[Determining what stock to sell?,;,;  I need to sell some stock, not sure which stock to sell.  In this situation, it is Microsoft and Pfizer.  My long-term holdings with regards to both our Microsoft has been very profitable. Pfizer is slightly above breaking even.    My head is telling me to sell the Pfizer stock because there’s very little capital gains from that sale.  But my second thoughts are saying sell the Microsoft stock because technically you’re taking out less than you put in.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!,;,; 2023-05-15 14:21:54]
[Tesla Main EV's Rivalry and Competitor,;,; Ford had GM, Apple and Microsoft, McD vs. BK,  Coke vs. Pepsico, nestle vs. Unilever, and so beyond.  I think that EVs are the future and wanting to invest in one, really long term of course and was just wondering who r/investing thinks Tesla main/biggest competitor.  I want to say it's BYD but Politics and the Stereotype of Chinese quality makes it unworthy also not being a true EV company.   So, could you guys give some ideas.,;,; 2024-01-25 20:05:00]
[How do I start stock trading? (Not selling, damn SEO ruining search results),;,; I've been trying to figure out an easy and inexpensive way to trade stocks. But but SEO sends me to results that are like "You just want to buy and sell"? No I mean if I have $400 worth of microsoft, I want to be able to trade it for $400~ish worth of netflix without selling my microsoft stock and all these damn search results and videos don't give me a straight answer of "open this brokerage account and click on this button".,;,; 2023-09-24 15:21:17]
[Rates are not high and the market is not crashing especially when Apple is still near ATH and not $120.,;,; 5-10% interest rates are normal historically speaking. The last 15 years have been an outlier. And despite high housing prices, people can obviously afford it and are buying, some with cash. Sure many Americans may be poorer but there are a lot more Americans with higher paying jobs and cash, especially in the cities and suburbs on the coasts.   Apples stock price has barely dropped and still trades at a healthy $170 range. Apple and Microsoft make up the largest allocations of Spy and many many funds. People crying now are being ridiculous. The real pain won’t start until Apple is at least down in the $150 range and things will be in full swing around $120 range. Same thing goes when Microsoft is under $230.   When these two things happen, I think spy will drop to around $330-340 range. That will be the time to jump in with everything you have. I’ll be buying TLT also then hopefully around $45.   You might get a temporary drop if the government defaults, remains shutdown longer than a month and congress gets held hostage by like 5 house representatives or if JPow grows a pair and hikes 200 points.  So sit back an relax people.,;,; 2023-10-21 21:21:17]
[Let's discuss QQQM performance,;,; QQQM (&amp; QQQ) have been performing better than the S&amp;P500 in 2023. Since Technology makes up 50% of QQQM, is it safe to say that QQQM performance is driven mainly by the technology sector?  And if you compare it to VGT's performance, which is 100% technology, you will see that the correlation is almost identical while VGT has out performed QQQM. VGT is 50% Apple, Microsoft, and Nvidia.   If you make up a portfolio of Apple+Microsoft+nvidia, you will see a matching correlation again with VGT and QQQM only an even higher performance than VGT.  Can we conclude: Apple/MSFT/NVD &gt; VGT &gt; QQQM ?  And if one is chasing the QQQM performance, they're better off just buying  Apple/MSFT/NVD ?,;,; 2024-01-10 17:42:12]
[When do you guys buy stocks?,;,; When exactly is the best time to buy? I’ve heard stuff like buy low, sell high, you can’t time the market, time in the market is better than timing the market, don’t buy a stock at its peak. Some of these “lines” kinda go against each other.   So i guess my question is, do I buy weekly no matter the price? Wait for a dip? Wait for the stock to be a fair price/bargain?    Can stocks like Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon even be bought at a bargain, or a fair price?   Side note: been investing for a year and a half, feel like I should know this question. Feels like the more I learn the less I know.,;,; 2023-12-21 01:57:37]
[What does your individual stock holdings look like for long term?,;,; Just out of curiosity, what individual stocks have you bought that you are planning on holding long term?  Currently I am holding:  Amazon Microsoft Apple Berkshire Hathaway Caterpillar  Nvidia Meta JP Morgan Visa Mastercard  Before anyone comments, the collective allocation to these stocks is less than 10%. 80% of my portfolio is parked in a global index.  I just have money in these stocks as I have the most confidence in them and I’m really familiar with them as they have a large moat. I don’t get too technical when looking into these stocks, I just ensure they are growing each year in profit and that their assets are larger than their liabilities. That’s as far as I go in technicality.,;,; 2024-02-07 10:32:29]
[Anyone here put money on a scheduled basis into the same Mutual Fund for over 20-30-40 years? What happened?,;,; I have had an account with Fidelity Investments for over thirty years and have been putting money into the Fidelity Contra Mutual Fund ( FCNTX) the whole time.  I started putting in $100 a month in 1993 then informally increased that amount each year based on inflation.  My first $100 monthly contribution along with the monthly contributions since then adjusted by inflation is now worth $346,000.  I am sure there is better success stories than mine, maybe you have been putting $$ investments into Amazon or Microsoft for 20 years.  What is your regular monthly contribution investing success story using one great mutual fund, ETF or stock?  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-16 15:18:01]
[Is it a good time to buy shares and leave them for 5 years or more?,;,; So, market is bull right now and stocks are hitting all time highs. I'm not sure whether this is a good time to buy some shares and leave them for a couple of years without touching them at all. I'm thinking NVIDIA, Microsoft, Apple, Arm, SP500, Vanguard, etc. Basically the big tech and the big ETFs. Is this the right time? Should I wait for the bear market to come? I need advice ,;,; 2024-02-15 04:37:41]
[Palantir Options for Jan 2026 a Good Bet?,;,; I've been looking at palantir for a while now. I'm thinking about getting a 2026 expiring call after it goes down a bit more. It's an AI stock and I think AI will have huge developments in the next couple years because of the Microsoft/OpenAI catalyst. What is everyone's opinion on palantir and is there anyone that agrees or disagrees and why?,;,; 2023-12-11 00:06:46]
[Opinions on my Fidelity MF Roth Weighting,;,; 37yo gig worker feeling behind the 8-ball on retirement (this is my 4th year investing, having taken some losses “gambling” early on). My Roth IRA is essentially my entire retirement vehicle given my career choice and realistic earning ability (35-50k yr). I’d love opinions on my current monthly strategy on a 20-30yr timeline, which is an equal 20% each split between the following funds, chosen on a long running track record of beating the market:  FSCSX - 100% tech based fund (heavy Microsoft)  FLPSX - Mid-Small Cap Value  FOCPX - OTC fund, 25% tech weighted… Large Growth   FSSNX - Small Blend  FISMX - Int’l Small - Mid Blend   There are certainly parts of the market I’m not in currently, and between two of the funds I’m exposed to Microsoft at 8% of my monthly investments. I throw $100 a month into each, with an extra payment in there to max the Roth. I’d love opinions on this as a longterm strategy, and I’m also chewing on the idea of adding a total market (FZROX) to the mix.   Any opinions are greatly appreciated.,;,; 2023-12-15 18:26:36]
[Does it make sense to invest in individual large cap stocks AND an S&amp;P 500 ETF?,;,; As the post title asks:  If someone has a large amount invested in an S&amp;P 500 ETF like SPY or VOO, does it make sense to additionally purchase individual stocks like Microsoft and Apple? I understand the risk-reward difference for ETFs and stocks but it just seems redundant.,;,; 2023-09-28 13:17:11]
[Why do most people miss the outperformers on the stock market?,;,; I really don't get it.  In the late 80s, early 90s, Microsoft was everywhere.  In the early to mid 00s Apple was everywhere.  Same time Google became known to everybody on the planet.  I wanted to buy stocks then but I had practically no money and the bank told me, that investing in US stocks (I'm living in middle Europe) is only possible for big investors.  When I'm reading now that people didn't see it coming, that those stocks would go through the roof... I really have to ask: How blind can you be!?  Do I miss something?,;,; 2023-06-04 10:27:19]
[20 stocks till 2049 - buy and hold for 25 years,;,; Hello. Apologies if this has already been posted in this community.   I came across this article by Jason Zweig in WSJ.    The idea is to buy 20 stocks and never trade them for 25 years. This is an extremely long-term experiment created by Thomas Gayner, chief executive of Markel Group.  So, I have created an account with $5000 and I am going to do this. The idea is to get my kids on this when they grow older and teach them the power of long term buy and hold.   So my question is this. What 20 stocks would you pick if you cannot trade them till Feb 1, 2049.   Here is my list so far.   1. Amazon/Google/Microsoft/Apple (combined them here.. can get all 4 or pick 1-2 ) 2. Costco 3. Johnson and Johnson 4. Waste Management 5. CVS 6. Home Depot 7. Boeing 8. Caterpillar 9. GE Aerospace 10. Intel / Micron / Nvidia 11. Walmart/Target 12. Starbucks / McDonalds 13. UPS 14. JP Morgan / Bank of America 15. Berkshire / Markel 16. Disney 17. Tesla / GM 18. Hershey 19. Dollar General 20. Lockheed Martin  Note that the goal of this exercise is not to beat the market. But instead to show the magic of long term compounding. After 25 years, from this list, the will be some losers and some winners. But hopefully, after 25 years, the winners will dominate.   Feel free to post your 20 or make changes to my list.  Edit: Some really good points in the comments.   1. Most of my regular investing goes to VOO. Think of this as a fun little experiment  2. Since all of these are mature large companies, maybe it makes more sense to go with mid cap stocks. In that case, what would you pick?,;,; 2024-01-18 21:13:00]
[S&amp;p 500 Tech vs NASDAQ 100 vs Stocks for AI,;,; Greetings!     I wanna invest into AI and cant decide whats the best call there. I think most will agree that the best bet for AI is to invest into the Big Companys: Apple, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Meta, Google and Amazon. (Tesla not included because i dont like Elon tbh).     Investing into S&amp;P Tech will give me big Apple, Microsoft and NVIDIA but not the other companys. Investing into NASDAQ 100 will give me all of them, but with a lower Rate (can be good can be bad). And of course i just can buy those 6 Stocks.     I think Apple (even if they dont have LLMs yet) will be big in AI in 1-2 Years and the capability shipping local AI on all of their devices are insane.  Huge potential here + we talk about Apple. Microsoft is playing the AI game better than anyone else right now and coming GPT Versions will slap. I also like the new approach of Meta and with LLAMA there is also huge Potential. NVIDIA is of course also a no brainer (even if some ppl think they are overvalued), they are way ahead of other companys like AMD right now. Amazon while not having insane LLMs right now, has of course on of the best Sectors to apply AI in general.     With alphabet i have to say, im not so sure. Their new Model is strong, but i kinda didn't feel good about the company as a whole. Hard to explain why.      What would you do and why if AI is the goal ? Just buy the Stocks or ETFs ?     &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-25 10:23:54]
[Is it smart to sell all my individual tech stocks and invest into defense contracting companies?,;,; Hi there.  I have $13k worth of stocks spread out between Tesla, apple, Microsoft, Crispr, some insurance companies and food production.  I’m willing to take some risk but I don’t want to entertain options.  Considering the state of the world, I think defense contracting companies are going to continue to rise.  Would anyone not advise me to invest all that money into Lockheed Martin?,;,; 2023-10-18 16:05:25]
[Bid/Ask Spread vs Quoted Price,;,; Curious about the finer details of Bid/ask spreads and quotes. My impression was that the quote was generally the median value of the Bid/Ask spread. This morning, however, I've been watching Microsoft plummet nearly $4 in 20 minutes, all while the Bid/Ask spread is roughly $2 higher than the quoted price. What could cause such a large difference?,;,; 2024-02-05 14:52:08]
[NVIDIA - 2023 Q4 earnings projections,;,; [The new 2023 Q3 figures come from a market analysis firm named Omdia (via Tom's Hardware)](  *Meta and Microsoft, each purchasing 150,000 GPUs. Those two companies were responsible for 300,000 units, with the other 200,000 going to the rest: Oracle, Tencent, Google, and Amazon, Tesla, TickTok, Baidu, Alibaba.*     ***Q3 reported revenue was 18 bills. The reported 500k number seems to be true.***       **Now the question is, who will be ordering another 500k batch in Q4? so that at least the Q4 result won't pale in comparison and won't be a disappointment for investors?**     META to the rescue (Hopefully)! As Zuckerberg stated:  [*“By the end of this year, we’re going to have around 350,000 Nvidia H100s. Or around 600,000 H100 equivalents of compute if you include other GPUs.”*](   , which means they might order another 200k from Nvidia, or he may *"find 2\*x H100 equivalent to compute"* to avoid paying a premium over generally specialized Nvidia GPUs and buy more specialized and power-to-output optimized ASICs chips like Google's TPUs.       I don't think other big tech (Microsoft, OpenAI, and AWS) giants will order more GPUs because running a general-purpose GPU is very expensive: [Running ChatGPT is very expensive for the company. Each query costs roughly 4 cents, according to an analysis from Bernstein analyst Stacy Rasgon.](   Google already has its own ASICs chips called TPU.    Apple also has an edge with its M3 chips family. If their name is not on the Nvidia order line list yet, then they are certainly cooking some big updates to their M chip family.      Everyone has shown with their dollar that they aren't willing to pay a high NVIDIA premium in the long run.  And want to diversify to other chip makers, like AMD, Intel, and specialized ARM makers.     Small businesses experiment and run their AI models using rented Amazon, Microsoft, and Google cloud capacities (mostly Google because of their TPU's low power-to-cost ratio).      The rest of the market is peanuts to make any dent.      **\[Conclusions\]:** Their a moderate-low probability Q4 revenues will reach a plateau of around 15-20 billion.  A moderate probability that they will be below 15 billion. A low probability of exceeding 20 billion.  &amp;#x200B;  ***Let's sidestep to AI marker TAM topic,***        [*Meanwhile, looking forward to 2027, the server market's value is estimated at a staggering $195.6 billion.*](   However, this estimated revenue will be brought by those who rent AI processing capacities like AWS, GCP, and Azure cloud providers. And not ChatGPT clones. The market has not figured yet the TAM (total addressable market) of services like ChatGPT.       However, I try to speculate on [open numbers]( which have stagnated for the last 6 months.      100 million monthly active users \* 10$ per subscription produces 1 billion in revenue.    [The average cost of 1 query from a used is 4 cents](     A single user runs 2,000 queries per month on average. The query is a single text message you send to the chatbot.      2000 \* 0.04 = 80 $ to service 1 user per month.    Until the OpenAI level of efficiency improves they will be losing 70$ to service 1 user per month.    No wonder OpenAI has closed its ChatGPT Plus subscription.  It doesn't seem sustainable.     Last note,  the majority of data centers upgrade their equipment every 4-5 years. So, if AI expectations won't burst, and chip efficiency improves 10-fold, and other chip makers won't catch up, don't expect big tech to re-stock their chips earlier than the end of 2027.      &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2024-01-21 22:17:52]
[Leveraged funds question...,;,; Historically I've invested most of my money in index ETF's, however I've been playing around with some leveraged funds recently.  I recently bought some LSE:3MSF (3x Microsoft).   However they have gone down by 5% even though MSF is up about 0.8% and I'm confused as to why this is.  Any ideas?,;,; 2024-01-24 01:19:08]
[Is this a good strategy investing?,;,; I am 25M and currently make about $60,000 anually. I am investing $200/month ($50 a week) into my ROTH IRA through fidelity into VOO. I am investing $400/month into RH into stocks like Microsoft, Apple, Amazon and Google. I plan to eventually transfer this to Fidelity as well. I am throwing $75/month plus roundups into acorns aggressive portfolio and put $25 a week into savings. Is this a good investment strategy? I would eventually like to focus on the dividend route when I am older but am not too concerned with it at the moment. Thank you for your help. Total investing monthly amount: $775.  Update: thank you everyone for your advice. Changed my investments to maxing out my roth ira at $600/month going into VOO. $75 a month going into RH (added Boeing and Delta) and savings still $100 month. ,;,; 2023-11-15 14:23:21]
[Is the IT industry experiencing a growth spurt, or is this a bubble?,;,; Bernard Arnault, the head of LVMH, may be the wealthiest individual in the world, but IT companies still hold the title of the most valuable. Even following the recent market adjustment, **Apple** boasts a valuation exceeding $2.6 trillion, with **Microsoft** at $2.34 trillion, and **Alphabet** at $1.56 trillion.  How can this be? **Don't large tech firms also face the threat of economic downturns?**  Indeed, they do. However, the members of the MAMAA conglomerate (Meta, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and Alphabet) took proactive measures to prepare for a potential economic slowdown by decreasing spending, which included a **reduction in labor costs**...  The recent **turbulence in the U.S. banking sector** has further funneled funds into the tech industry. Investors have shown a preference for companies boasting substantial profit margins and large cash reserves over more traditional safe-haven assets.  Another factor driving growth has been the **surge in Artificial Intelligence**. Investors anticipate that the capital injected into this sector will yield increased sales and, subsequently, elevated profits. Microsoft, for instance, anticipates a 6.7 percent revenue increase in the current quarter due to the rising demand for AI solutions.  Heading into 2023, the IT sector strikes a somewhat subdued chord: the Nasdaq Index suffered a decline of almost 33% in 2022. However, with **decreasing inflation** and the **prospect of a pause in Fed rate hikes**, tech stocks have regained their allure.  One also should not forget to note that key support propping up Nasdaq members was **stock buybacks**. Recall, too, that both Alphabet and Apple recently announced buybacks amounting to $70 billion and $90 billion respectively. Additionally, Meta, formerly Facebook, announced a stock buyback of $40 billion.  What lies on the horizon? **What are the analysts' predictions?**  Michael Landsberg, Chief Investment Officer at Landsberg Bennett Private Wealth Management, asserts that [large tech stocks are currently overvalued]( For example, Microsoft shares trade at a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.3, while Amazon's PE ratio (TTM) stands at 273.79.  On the other hand, analysts at Bank of America [do not foresee any reason for alarm]( and they predict that the flourishing market will persist.  So **what should we anticipate next?** If the Fed deviates from its hawkish stance, the rally could possibly extend. If not, the recent market correction may appear minor in comparison to what could transpire. Additionally, the approaching debt ceiling deadline could provoke another stock market adjustment, as new Treasury debt issuance could drain Fed reserves and curtail liquidity.,;,; 2023-05-24 15:02:49]
[The case for/against diversifying ex-USA?,;,; I've read many people rooting for ex-USA diversification. My question is, what would the drivers of growth be for the rest of the world vs the USA? I could see the case for emerging markets outperforming, but can't really see how developed markets like England, Germany, France, Japan, etc. could out of nowhere just start being super innovative/productive and start cranking out Teslas, Apples, and Microsofts.   I think at worst the US will perform similarly to these countries, and at best will keep on being the driver of innovation/tech in the world due simply to its culture of innovation and hardcore capitalism (which has many, many cons).   About to diversify into an international fund but really don't wanna. Thoughts?,;,; 2023-10-24 19:03:34]
[Popularity Isn't a Moat: What The Collapse of Dating Apps Tells Us About Companies,;,; **Swipe Left on Profits:** Big dating apps like Bumble and Match Group are watching their stock prices go south faster than a bad Tinder date, with Bumble's shares dropping 32% this year and Match Group's not far behind, down 28%. Seems like Zoomers are breaking up with online dating, preferring the old-school charm of meeting in person.      *YTD Share Performance of Major Dating Apps:*   \- Grindr: +25%   \- Match Group: -28%   \- Bumble: -32%   \- Spark Networks: -98%     **Take-Aways:** I’m no expert on the dating apps (I’ve been with my wife since I was a pimple-faced school boy) but think there is a broader theme that investors need to be cautious of; that things trendy with the twentysomethings can evaporate quite quickly.      *Performance Since IPO of Select 'Trendy Stocks':*   \- Snapchat: -58%   \- Robinhood: -77%   \- GoPro: -91%   \- Allbirds: -97%   \- Blue Apron: -99%      Companies like GoPro and Snapchat were all extremely popular at one time but things change - and often quickly. A key term for investors is that of a ‘moat’: characteristics ingrained in your business model that makes it hard for competitors or copy-cats to come along and steal your market share. While things like a company’s ‘brand’ can be an example of a moat, ‘popularity’ isn’t the same thing. Brands are built over years from their connection to things like quality (Volvo), trustworthiness (Wall Street Journal) or coolness (Hermes).      *Examples of Economic Moats:*     * **Low-Cost Producers:** Provide a low cost that is usually based on significant economies of scale. Examples include Walmart, Southwest, FedEx. * **High Switching Costs:** Material expense (money, time, effort) required in order to move to competitor. Examples include Salesforce, Oracle, Microsoft. * **Network Effect:** Value to customer increases with the number of people on the platform. Examples include Ebay, Uber, Reddit. * **Intangible Assets:** Brand names, intellectual property, trade secrets, government approvals. Examples include Pfizer, Nvidia, Coca-Cola.      Moreover, often these companies that achieve near overnight success do so because their business doesn’t require significant time, expense or technological sophistication in order to reach such a scale. Looking at the companies I've mentioned, in nearly every case some smart folks with a laptop can replicate their business model; improve on it; and steal their customers. In essence, the things that can be built quickly, are often built on sand.    ,;,; 2023-11-13 17:46:24]
[Nvidia launches custom chip business,;,; Nvidia is launching a custom chip business to capture cloud, automotive, telecom and other segments of custom chip opportunities.  Smart idea with solid foundation:  #1, Leadership in AI so a default "go to" for ML chips, 2, they will license their IP and know how, 3.  They will proliferated their CUDA software ecosystem ensuring a broader foot print for their platform.  4. Broad relationships with supply chains -- they will become king maker for the next SuperMicro -- on the chip level, 5. Nvidia pioneered use of AI in chip design, so it's a logical adjacent segment.  They're aiming at limiting guys like Broadcom and Marvel in the semicustom space.  AMD also has a semicustom chip business.  "Nvidia officials have met with representatives from Amazon.com, Meta, Microsoft, Google and OpenAI to discuss making custom chips for them, according to two sources familiar with the meetings. Beyond data center chips, the company has pursued telecom, automotive and video game customers.  In 2022, Nvidia said it would let third-party customers integrate some of its proprietary networking technology with their own chips."  Would also note one early customer identified:  "Nvidia is in talks with telecom infrastructure builder Ericsson for a wireless chip that includes the chip designer's graphics processing unit (GPU) technology, according to two sources familiar with the talks.  [  Would note 18March is when Nvidia's GTC (GPU Technology Conference) starts, more to come.  edit: grammar/clarity,;,; 2024-02-09 14:41:00]
[Open AI's board had safety concerns. Big Tech obliterated them in 48 hours.,;,; Pretty amazing how quick Microsoft capitalized on the turmoil at OpenAI. Very curious as to how this shakes out. There's an article in the LA Times that does a pretty great job analyzing the situation.         2023-11-21 04:54:55]
[Beating on the next AAPL/MSFT,;,; I’ve been thinking about gambling on new AI companies that are just starting out with lots of risk and huge potential upside.   Apple’s all time gain is roughly 167,000%; Microsoft’s is roughly 406,000%.  According to a quick Wikipedia search, roughly 135 computer companies were founded between 1975 and 1980. This includes AAPL and MSFT. 2/135 is roughly 1.5%.  Let’s say I took $1000 and divided it among 100 companies just starting out in AI at $10 each. Then I hold for 40 years and watch most go bankrupt. If 1 of them is the next Apple then $10 turns into $1.7mil.  Convince me not to!  Note: This post is just theoretical. I thought it would be an interesting discussion topic. I mostly value invest or buy VOO.,;,; 2024-02-16 06:20:22]
[Strategy to make a free 2%+ yearly on top of S&amp;P returns,;,; My partner and I have been investing in SPY and we just learned about a strategy to shield ourselves from paying capital gains taxes, called direct indexing. Instead of buying an S&amp;P 500 ETF like SPY or VOO, we’d buy a “direct index” of the S&amp;P 500. It’s all automatically done, and the software buys the underlying stocks of the S&amp;P 500 and constantly rebalances and finds capital losses. For example, if Microsoft is down, the algorithm sells it to buy something else that is correlated within the index, and comes back into Microsoft 30 days later.  Basically:  * It tracks the index very closely, pretty much just as good as SPY or VOO * It generate 45% of the investment amount in capital losses over 10 years, with the bulk of that in the first 5 years * The capital losses are used to shield against capital gains * The tax savings from saved capital gains dollars are reinvested back into the direct index, generating on average 2% more than without itI  I modeled it out here      [   Anyone consider direct indexing before? What’s the catch? The model bakes in the costs,;,; 2023-10-19 20:37:47]
[Odds of a Tech bloodbath on Monday due to OpenAI chaos?,;,; The plot twists at OpenAI - Altman out on Friday, now they're saying he could come back and the rest of the board would resign... the saga is ongoing and it sounds really chaotic. There are personnel issues: key players threatening to quit unless Altman comes back, other key players threatening to quit if he does come back. It's a mess. And Microsoft is apparently not happy about this (who can blame them, they sunk $13B into OpenAI).  Thoughts on how the tech sector does Monday morning?,;,; 2023-11-19 06:59:51]
[$BCAT trading significantly below NAV,;,; As title states- $BCAT trades apprx 14% below its NAV while holding large cap names in the fund- what is the disconnect?  It holds Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Mastercard etc. pays out apprx %10 yield-fund enhances return by writing covered calls. Holdings in private equity, some. Bonds. No leverage.  Why the discount? Only reason I can guess is market is unable to price the private holdings component?,;,; 2023-12-29 11:30:09]
[FEPI Looking like a better JEPQ. 25% yield, solid price performance,;,; If you're a fan of JEPQ/JEPI, keep an eye on FEPI.  It looks like it's shaping up to be an even better alternative.  By selling calls on targeted stocks it seems like it's able to generate more income than the JEPI/JEPQ approach.  There is some additional risk because it's a stock selection, rather than an approximation of the index.  But these are big name stocks. . . Meta, Intel, Google, AMD, Microsoft, Amazon, etc.    There are a few volatile ones like NVDA. . . but that's part and parcel of the leading tech game these days.  The payouts have been solid, and the price performance has done well also.  If you're willing to accept a little more risk to double your income generation, check out FEPI!,;,; 2024-01-11 18:01:09]
[ATVI / MSFT Merger “failure”,;,; On July 18 the merger between Activision and Microsoft will fail due to the deadline being July 18 but they are not scheduled for their FTC hearing until August. There is a 3 billion dollar “breakup fee” in case of the deal failing. My personal opinion is that they will cut a new deal.  Is there any precedent of this happening in the past?  Or is the breakup fee still required to be paid out if a new deal is struck?,;,; 2023-06-13 13:37:33]
[Companies Best Positioned for AI,;,; What companies do you think stand out with cultures or operations that seem particularly well-positioned to see huge gains from utilizing AI, and would likely be early adopters? I think finding the top 3-5 companies across major industries could make for an interesting portfolio to play with. I'm thinking on 2-5 year timeline here as well.   I've seen one or two posts sort of like this, but didn't see many real answers outside a few med-tech companies.    Note: Obviously software (Microsoft, Google) and hardware (Chip Makers) creators of AI have huge potential, but for this post I just wanted to focus on potential beneficiaries of AI progress.,;,; 2024-02-05 18:00:03]
[Best High School Graduation Gift,;,; July 2003, my cousin is graduating high school, instead of cash, my brother in law suggests we get him a few shares of stock, old school paper shares.  2 shares of Microsoft for approximately $50 each and 2 shares of Apple for $0.32 each.    Cleaning out my Uncle’s place this past weekend and what do I find?  My cousin stashed his stock certificates away and forgot all about them.    Anyone care to double check my math on their worth?   I feel like we may have given a very good gift.  Not as good as if we gave him $100 worth of apple obviously 😭,;,; 2023-11-20 18:56:37]
[Capitalizing on the AI Boom: Companies Poised to Benefit from Artificial Intelligence Adoption,;,; **Microsoft**, fueled by growth in its cloud computing and artificial intelligence offerings, has surpassed analysts' expectations with a profit of $18.3 billion ($2.45 per share vs. $2.23 exp.) on revenue of $52.9 billion. The market has responded, sending the company's stock up by 8%.  So, who else might ride the "AI wave" to success? Keep an eye on:  * Graphics card manufacturers. GPU-based solutions are effective for AI training, so **AMD** and **Nvidia** expect increased demand in the data center segment. * Chipmakers like **TSMC** and **Samsung**. Server SSDs and other equipment producers will also see growth in demand. * Cloud AI service providers: These companies offer AI training and support services. In addition to **Microsoft's Azure AI**, consider **Amazon Web Services** and **IBM Automation**. * And of course, don't count out **Google**, which boasts a powerful cloud  service. Organizations without in-house AI computing power, from  research labs to online retailers, will rely on these providers. And  we've just recently seen **Google Bard**, a chatbot that has yet to conquer  the market. * Cybersecurity companies: AI isn't all good – it can be used maliciously  too. As AI becomes more accessible, cyber threats will increase,  boosting demand for companies that combat them effectively. Potential beneficiaries could include **Cisco**, **Cloudflare**, and **Gen Digital**.  This is a hot topic, and it’s all but impossible to cover it completely in just one post, so please, share your thoughts on potential AI winners in the comments!,;,; 2023-04-26 18:53:48]
[Do you see the S&amp;P500 be a good investment in the next few decades?,;,; I read today that there’s forecasts that India will overtake the US as the worlds second largest economy by 2075.  This made me wonder if the S&amp;P500 will continue to really be a good investment in the upcoming decades. After all, a lot of the big companies are like Apple and Microsoft which are all trillion dollar companies. How much more can they really grow?  From the article, it like there would be tremendous growth in Indian companies.,;,; 2023-07-10 21:35:37]
[Quantum computer pure plays?,;,; I'm doing research on the quantum computing industry. I know there's several big names getting a piece of it. Microsoft, Amazon, Nvidia, Honeywell...  What are the options for quantum computing pure plays? If I just want a piece of quantum and nothing else, what am I looking at?  IonQ, QCi, Rigetti, Arquitt... are there any I'm missing?,;,; 2023-08-30 14:41:22]
[List of public companies that are integral to AI?,;,; I was wondering, what companies are essentially indispensable for the current AI boom?  ASML, TSMC, and Nvidia come to mind, but who else?  Are Intel and AMD integral or are they getting sidelined?  What about storage?  I suppose Microsoft, followed by Google and Adobe on the software side.,;,; 2023-03-22 06:56:22]
[Buy high or find something else?,;,; Hello everyone.  I promise this is not a "I have $X to invest" post.  I'm curious about the investment strategy of buying high when it's a good company.  For examples, look at Microsoft, Amazon, Eli Lilly, and Nvidia.  All at very high points.  Hitting new all time highs even.  In theory, my heart says if you truly believe in the company and that the stock will go up, then buying high isn't a problem.  But my brain is just like, NO, it'll clearly go down.  You never buy high lol.  So what do YOU all do?  Do you have a favorite stock that you buy more of no matter how high it gets? Or do you just enjoy the ride with what you have and look for something else to invest in?  I do have some small positions in those four companies, which is why I'm familiar with them. Clearly I'm comfortable enough with them to hold the shares I have. But my brain is just so wired to not buy high at peaks.  I've read a decent amount of different strategies and things to look for, but I've never really seen anything about a successful company and buying high.  I know it could be a little subjective too. Depends on your age and risk tolerance and things like that and what you are looking for, but I guess I'm just trying to go for a more General approach in this question. But in an effort to help if people want, I'm mid 30s, married, kids on the way. Have a good job and not worry about retirement. My personal investing is to try to Simply make money for me and the family for stuff like trips and fixing the house and things like that, so risk tolerance is fairly high.  TL:DR I guess you could boil this down to a simple question.  "When is it too late to jump on the train?"  Thank you.,;,; 2024-02-16 15:46:24]
[ETF aggregator tool/website/app?,;,; my cousin just texted me asking if i know any tools that will aggregate his etfs to tell him how many shares of each company he indirectly owns through the etf. ie a website or app that will let him enter that he owns x shares of ETF1, y shares of ETF2, and z shares of ETF3, then the website spits out that through his aggregated positions he owns a shares of apple, b shares of microsoft c shares of nvidia etc. does anybody know of anything like that?,;,; 2023-12-08 22:41:49]
[Holding ATVI Stock (or any M&amp;A target),;,; I currently hold some ATVI stock, which will likely get its acquisition from Microsoft finalized over the weekend and stop being publicly traded next week. How does it work if I own some stock? How long will it take for someone to receive the $95/share payout? ,;,; 2023-07-14 15:05:00]
[Not understanding this wash sale,;,; So my portfolio is mainly just Microsoft stock (MSFT). I recently sold some stock that was long (i.e. bought over a year ago). I haven't recently bought MSFT stock so I have no idea why I'm seeing a wash sale:    Also, I have no idea why the cost basis is $359, MSFT hasn't been that high in 3 years, and I suspect it's never been that high,;,; 2023-06-09 14:08:10]
[Should I remove my current tech stocks from my portfolio?,;,; I started investing a considerable amount of money by the end of 2021. Since then, I have been learning and studying different assets and I got interested in tech stocks and ETFs, among other sectors.  Right now techs represent almost 40% of my portfolio (stocks like Apple, Microsoft, Tesla or Spotify and an ETF that includes the 500 top tech US stocks) and after the AI boom I feel very exposed, even though it is not certain if we are heading to a recession nor we are in another tech bubble. I sold Nvidia a couple months ago thinking it would reverse after its huge rise and it actually continued to grow until now.   What are your thoughts about this? Should I just hold it all? Or maybe it would be a good idea to check and adjust some positions to reduce my exposure until the bubble deflates (if there's such bubble)?,;,; 2023-10-18 11:24:58]
[Tech companies to invest on European market?,;,; Hello, i want to diversify my portfolio by investing on EU market.  My US portfolio is mostly Microsoft, Apple, AMD, Amazon and I'm betting heavily on big growth in tech sector due to AI development.  I'm interested mostly in big and established companies.  ASML is the obvious choice i know about;  I think also TSM is listed on European stock.  What else stocks can I buy using euro?,;,; 2023-06-06 18:05:10]
[Stock/Index Fund question,;,; So, I have some individual stocks in Apple, Microsoft, Amazon etc. But I also have those stocks in an index fund of mine. So my question is, does it make sense to have those individual stocks in companies that I already have in my index fund? As a matter of fact I believe two of my index funds hold those same stocks, thanks for any advice or insight.,;,; 2023-05-17 13:04:01]
[Seeking Suggestions for my Next Portfolio Allocation Re-balance,;,; Hello There! My current portfolio has 34 positions (I like diversification) from where ten holdings have higher allocation. I would like to mention that these allocations were made using an AI tool which analyzed historical data to generate some predictions. However, I would like some human feedback from all of you. Allocations are the following (I include the Earning YTD percentage as well):     |Company \[Ticket\]|Allocation % in my portfolio|Earning YTD %| |:-|:-|:-| |BlackRock \[BLK\]|24.71%|23.30%| |Apple \[AAPL\]|8.66%|12.54%| |Amazon \[AMZN\]|5.74%|22.03%| |Microsoft \[MSFT\]|4.76%|16.93%| |Salesforce \[CRM\]|4.75%|30.03%| |Nvidia \[NVDA\]|4.5%|10.46%| |UnitedHealth \[UNH\]|3.25%|0.10%| |Coca-Cola \[KO\]|3.01%|12.44%| |AutoZone \[AZO\]|2.94%|33.28%| |CocaCola Consolidated \[COKE\]|2.53%|75.72%|  From these companies, which one(s) do you consider is overvalued? and which one(s) has its stock overpriced?,;,; 2023-12-22 01:11:41]
[The Stigma of Stock Picking,;,; Stock picking often gets a bad rap, therefore redditor's often default to suggesting new investors purchase the S&amp;P or any comparable fund. Though this could be considered the safe route, it does little to teach new investors about the market as a whole.   Stock picking is like a dark art, and is something I vowed to learn and master early on (or at least quit losing money in). Firstly, diversification is important. There's no way around it. Your level of diversification can vary, but owning an excessive amount of companies will only assure you'll do average at best.  Many give Cramer flak, but there's one comment he'd often make I'd like to highlight: "Buy best of the best". If you opted to buy the best companies per sector, beating the market isn't impossible...but picking stocks is half of the equation. "Buying a wonderful company at a fair price" is the other half.  I often stress the psychology of investing. Something I didn't become cognizant of until I started day trading. The market often pulls in new investors during euphoria, and this is the absolute worst time to invest.   Many novice (and somewhat experienced) investors can't stomach market corrections, so be mindful of the affect a correction can have on someone who got in at the highs during euphoric conditions. A 10% drop in a stock isn't something to lose sleep over for someone who's up 100% or so...but imagine the affect a 10% drop can have on a new investor. They'll likely want to stop the bleeding, considering they'll immediately be in the red.   Resist following the herd. Usually when some shiny new thing is being touted on social media, smart money is already looking for the exit. Invest in companies you can understand. Invest in products you already use or would consider using, granted they have sustainable growth. I often avoided shopping at Walmart because it was always crowded. I decided to research the company to determine what that traffic translated to. That was around $52 a share. I realized when you turn on every computer, you were greeted by Microsoft Windows. That was $38 a share. It can be that simple.  Investors definitely shouldn't be deterred from stock picking. Just be cognizant of the business and disciplined in your entry.   Happy Investing,;,; 2024-02-07 14:44:08]
[Where to read about small cap companies,;,; Tesla, Microsoft, Apple among many other top companies were once small on the stock market and pretty insignificant in the market. There were few people that were able to jump on early to invest. I understand that many small cap companies will be doomed to fail, but what are some sources/places where I can read about companies like that today? I think back in the day people relied more on conventional media like newspapers and journals, but these days, such information/news is a lot more scattered. What are some more consolidated sources where I can read about smaller companies on the stock market whereby I can determine for myself the growth potential of the company.  EDIT:   I just want to clarify that my intention with this post is not to find the next small company that is going to boom. My goal here is to try and be able to find a reputable source that is better able to inform me on what smaller publicly traded companies are doing/future plans. I may invest, but I want to be able to be well informed on such companies. Back in the day, the answer to this might have been WSJ or NYT, but I am not confident that those are the best sources in the current day and age.,;,; 2024-01-25 18:28:12]
[Is an Investment in Nvidia a good idea?,;,; Join the discussion and discover the compelling reasons behind this optimistic outlook.  Reasons for NVIDIA Share Increase:  Cutting-edge Technology: NVIDIA is at the forefront of groundbreaking technology, like artificial intelligence (AI) and graphics processing units (GPUs). Here's why it matters: NVIDIA's AI advancements have the power to transform industries such as autonomous vehicles, healthcare, and data analytics. Their GPUs dominate the gaming market, offering high-performance hardware that gamers love. Strong Partnerships: NVIDIA has formed strategic alliances with major tech giants, including Microsoft, Amazon, and Google, unlocking exciting opportunities: Collaborations with these influential companies put NVIDIA at the center of emerging technologies like cloud computing and machine learning. NVIDIA's recent acquisition of ARM Holdings gives them an even greater advantage in the semiconductor industry. Expanding into New Markets: NVIDIA's reach extends beyond gaming and AI, entering exciting sectors that are gaining momentum: Cryptocurrency mining has seen a significant surge, increasing the demand for NVIDIA GPUs, which boosts their sales and revenue. NVIDIA's focus on the automotive industry, developing advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving technology, positions them as a key player in the future of transportation. Impressive Financial Performance: NVIDIA has a track record of delivering strong financial results, which bodes well for future growth: Consistent revenue and profit growth over the years demonstrate NVIDIA's ability to deliver solid financial outcomes, which may attract more investors. The company's robust cash flow allows for continued investment in research and development, ensuring they stay ahead of the competition. Remember, these arguments are purely speculative and aimed at generating discussion. Always conduct thorough research and analysis before making any investment decisions.,;,; 2023-06-11 12:55:11]
[Is there any point in selling if holding on to your profitable stocks?,;,; I began investing in November 2021 and in hindsight I probably spread myself a little thin and bought into too many companies. Hopefully the screenshot I've provided is clear enough but just to add some context, the companies I've invested in more than once are:     &amp;nbsp;    Agronomics, Merck KGaA, Emmerson, Berkshire, Brookfield, Microsoft, ASTS and Rocket Lab. Most of the others I'm happy to just let run at this stage.   &amp;nbsp;   I'm in my early 30s so I was looking to take some risks (clearly). There's no incentive to invest in an ETF where I'm based (otherwise I wouldn't be stock picking). In hindsight I made some really poor decisions when I started out and it's sort of made me put my money on deposit since late 2022. I'm not sure what's the best move here.   &amp;nbsp;  My current position is:   &amp;nbsp;  70k on deposit. I'm holding it for a potential house deposit down the line.&amp;nbsp;  41k invested since the end of 2021 but this is now only worth 31k.     &amp;nbsp;     The stocks I'm no longer convinced by:   &amp;nbsp;   ASTS   Polight   Rocket Lab   Steakholder Foods (formerly MITC)   &amp;nbsp;   Does it even make sense to get rid of some of these if I'm planning to hold onto Berkshire, Alphabet etc for the foreseeable future? Is it basically just a case of letting the losers run and then offsetting them against any gains down the line?      &amp;nbsp;  [Current portfolio](    &amp;nbsp;  Thanks in advance.,;,; 2024-01-01 16:56:10]
[Does anyone use stop losses on their investments?,;,; A stop loss is an order to sell a stock if it drops to a certain price.  I have always considered them to be a sensible practice, yet have never used them.  I'll give some personal examples of how they can benefit, and how they might not benefit.  Rivian stock.  IPO was 75 dollars, soared around 125 then plummeted.  Currently around 15.  A stop loss could have salvaged the loss at the original 75 price point.  Microsoft stock.  I was holding the stock when it hit 320 a couple of years ago.  The stock slid down to low 200's, but is now over 330.  A stop loss would have prevented me from going all the way down to 220, but here's the rub.  If I sell a stock I'm less likely to jump back into a stock.  Two reasons, first the feeling that the stock burned me and I don't want to get burned again, second the price point to high to consider reentry, and how high do I imagine the stock will actually go anyway.  I would love to hear from people who use stop losses.  Do you ever go back to the same stock?  Have you felt their use to be worthwhile?  How close to current value do you place your stop loss?,;,; 2023-06-22 12:52:52]
[How should I (21) begin investing long term? I have no debt, steady job (24$/hr) and live with parents. More detail below,;,; I (m21) make 24/hr, pay about 400/month, and realize I am extremely fortunate to be in this situation. At this time, I have about 100$ a week (I get paid every week) going into robinhood which is invested into large companies like Microsoft, Nvidia, etc and also into funds like a vanguard ETF s&amp;p 500 fund. In total with the market how it is, I have about 1650$ in there. What's the best way to invest long term for an IRA? What are the best apps to be using?  Should I ditch Robinhood as ive heard/ understood recently that it's not actually investing my money into the actual stocks but to Robinhood instead? If I set up an IRA should I try to do so with my bank? Or should I be doing it myself? If anyone has any reliable sources of information about this kind of stuff it would bebmuch appreciated as I've heard a ton from both sides whenever i try to look this stuff up,;,; 2023-08-16 03:25:19]
[Looking for advice to rebalance my wife's employee stock accounts,;,; Hello Investing Community.Getting burnt is great for learning :) I learned a lot in my not-so-short life.My wife worked at two tech companies and had a good ride. The last one was Microsoft. She rode the gravy train. (explainer, she first got shares allocated, hiring bonus and purchased the maximum quantity of shares allowed which is 10% of her monthly income, she never sold any of her shares) I aim to balance her portfolio to align with her risk profile.  How do I go about it? How do I best explain it to her? I would like to draw a risk pyramid and I would love it for her to make the decision. Are there any great tools out there in regards to best explaining to an inexperienced investor who got very lucky?  Thank you!,;,; 2023-08-15 14:26:43]
[Should I stay in blue chip/ETF combination for long-term investing?,;,; In 2021, I received an inheritance. At the time, I invested around 20% of that inheritance into each of the following: Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Apple, and VTI.        I since then have learned that diversifying and index/ETF funds are a safer way to go for long-term investing, which is definitely my goal. And I'm still around 20% in VTI.         But with that in mind, I don't know if I should necessarily sell off any stock from the four tech companies right now. I could, and put that money into index/ETF, but they are all now turning some profit and mostly seem like safe companies at the moment.        Again, I now know diversifying is key and index/ETF are safer moving forward, but at this point with where I currently am, what actions would you recommend?,;,; 2023-08-08 17:18:07]
[Just how big are the Magnificent Seven?,;,; This is a big quote from MarketWatch. I’ve seen the numbers before, but this really gave me pause.   &gt; These captains of the SS S&amp;P 500 are Google parent Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Facebook parent Meta Platforms, Microsoft, NVIDIA, and Tesla. They've been described as the magnificent seven by many news organizations. Fortunately for me, there's a common thread among this group. They are the only U.S. companies that have ever been valued at a trillion dollars by the public markets. To say these companies are dominating the S&amp;P 500 is a giant understatement. Last year, their collective valuation gained more than $5 trillion. Compare that to the S&amp;P 500's valuation gain of less than $8 trillion. That means the trillionaires were responsible for roughly 65% of the Index's market cap gain last year, despite comprising just 1.4% of its components. But doesn't this go against the main reason behind investing in S&amp;P 500 index funds? Wouldn't the entire index be susceptible to a massive drop if just one of these seven companies failed?  &gt; Phil Van Dorn: Well, I like index funds because they spread out your risk over many stocks and because the expenses are so low. In the mutual fund industry, traditionally, you might be looking at expenses of 1% of assets under management per year, and that can really pile up over time. But with an S&amp;P 500 Index Fund, your expenses get close to zero. But as you have mentioned when you called the group of expensive stocks the Trillionaires' Club, a small group of companies now make up between 27 and 30% of the S&amp;P 500 depending on which day you look at it.  &gt; Jeremy Owens: Right, so that's seven out of 500 companies accounting for more than a quarter or less than a third of the entire market cap of the S&amp;P 500 and really swaying the underlying metrics. What should an investor kind of take from this and how should we look at the S&amp;P 500 moving forward, knowing how much these companies matter?  &gt; Phil Van Dorn: One can say that there's a heck of a lot of risk in the seven companies that make up only 1% of the S&amp;P 500, but make up close to a third of its value. However, the S&amp;P 500 is self-correcting. It rewards success.,;,; 2024-01-20 00:51:08]
[Is there any reason whatsoever that a "smart beta" ETF which has a long term track record of beating the S&amp;P would be a bad investment long term?,;,; So with my current living situation I'm able to invest about $3800 ever 4 weeks. This has led to me wanting to take the opportunity to diversify my portfolio with some ETFs other than the typical  One of my reasons is that I already invest a hefty amount into funds which have majority Apple and Microsoft. I don't want my entire life's and retirement savings to be 30% dependent on 2 stocks no matter what they are.  I have found many ETFs which buy S&amp;P500 stocks based on various performance indicators. Some are quite speculative which doesn't interest me. But others are based on things such as quality factor, cash flow, volatility, etc.  A couple of examples are MOAT which is based on companies which have a wide moat, or competitive advantage, which would be difficult for competitors to overcome. Another is SPHQ which is based on quality factor.  Both of these ETFs have a 10 year return of higher than the S&amp;P500 despite both being based on S&amp;P stocks. They're just weighted and selected differently. Clearly this has been working and those strategies logically seem like they'd be successful  My question is why are these ETFs and others like them not as popular as the most common bulk, market cap weighted S&amp;P ETFs? Their long term annualized returns obviously made the extra expense ratio worth it for the past decade. Their portfolios logically make sense to me. They do still own a lot of the same stocks just at lower percentages of the overall holdings  This seems like a no-brainer: they are more diversified with better long term track records. This seems too easy. What am I missing? Is it just most people aren't looking super deep into ETFs like this, so just go with the standard options?,;,; 2023-08-21 01:43:15]
[Has anyone heard that a portfolio balanced equally by sector will beat the S&amp;P 500 over time?,;,; I was just speaking with a (potential) financial advisor today. He discussed, for example how the S&amp;P 500 is way overweighted in tech, particularly because 7 of the top 10 holdings are all megatech giants: Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, NVIDIA, Google/Alphabet (twice), and Tesla. These 7 alone make up 21% of the value of the S&amp;P 500.  Obviously, this leads to underweighting in other sectors. And this leads to underperformance and increased volatility over long periods of time. As evidence of this, he brought up a chart that showed that if you equally weight your investments across the various sectors (financials, materials, utilities, healthcare, etc.), that it would outperform the S&amp;P 500, provided that you rebalance periodically.  Has anyone heard of an investment portfolio like this? I did a little research, and it looks like for periods of 15 years or greater, this is right - an portfolio that's equally weighted by sector, and rebalanced periodically, will outperform the S&amp;P by 1.5% to 2% annually.  I'd love to hear your thoughts about this. Anyone have a portfolio like this? Is there some kind of equal weighting ETF or mutual fund that does this automatically? Thanks.,;,; 2023-02-28 09:15:41]
[How many individual stocks in your eyes is too much?,;,; Out of curiosity how many individual stocks in your eyes is too much?   My train of thought behind my pickings is that I allocate the majority of my money to a world index so I’m not overweighting a particular sector or region but then allocate a small portion of my funds to individual stocks that I personally use day to day and have high confidence in.  For reference, 66% of my money is tied up in a world index (VWRL). 12% is tied up in small cap index funds. 50% in USA and 50% in Europe. (ZPRV and ZPRX)  11% is tied up in individual stocks. The list of stocks are:  Amazon - I use this quite frequently since I’m a member.  Apple - I use their tech.  Microsoft - familiar with their business model and use their software such as word and PowerPoint.  Meta - I use instagram and WhatsApp, I don’t use Facebook but its power in advertising is immense.  Johnson &amp; Johnson - leader in health such as vaccines.  Visa &amp; Mastercard - I personally use Mastercard but both are identical and leaders.  Alphabet - I use their software.  AMD - gaming as they’re used in Xbox and PlayStation plus their future in AI. Taking market share from intel.  Berkshire Hathaway - diversified  McDonald’s - real estate company that sells food.  JP Morgan - leading bank that is diversified.  Caterpillar - leading manufacture in mining/ agriculture/ construction machinery. Plus I’ve got a placement sorted with them so there’s a bit of bias lol.  Nvidia - leader in AI and GPU production.  Walmart - powerhouse in America.  Costco - their membership model is cash flow powerhouse plus they’re present in numerous countries.  Waste management - trash will always be here.  ASML - absolute gem of a company and many years ahead of any competitors. Every tech company is reliant on them.  Airbus - I love planes and their business is far more desirable than Boeing.  Lockheed Martin - peace was never an option.  Once again, I’ve chose to invest into these companies individually as I want to overweigh them as I’m more confident in them than others. I’m willing to put my money where my mouth is. I’m aware they’re contained in the world index. I don’t do any technical analysis, it’s all confidence and familiarity.  I also invest in REITs, I invest into leading REITs in each sector such as industrial, data etc. 11% of my portfolio is in REITs. 10 in total. I use alreits to track them, and track them quarterly.  I don’t plan on selling until retirement. Currently 19.  Thanks.,;,; 2024-02-17 17:00:00]
[Seeking Feedback on my ETF Portfolio in Roth IRA: Diversification Concerns,;,; Hey fellow Redditors,  I've been diligently building my ETF portfolio in my Roth IRA, but lately, I've been questioning whether I have too many ETFs and if there's potential overlap or duplication issues. I want to ensure that my investments are as diverse as possible, but I'm not confident in my investing knowledge. That's why I need your expertise and feedback on my current holdings!  Here's my portfolio list:  1. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) 2. MSCI Inc. (MSCI) 3. Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) 4. Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) 5. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) 6. Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ) 7. Fidelity Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX) 8. SPDR S&amp;P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) 9. Vanguard S&amp;P 500 ETF (VOO) 10. Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (VTI) 11. Vanguard Target Retirement 2060 Fund (VTTSX) 12. Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLE)  I'm genuinely concerned that I may have too much overlap or duplicates among these ETFs, potentially undermining the diversification I was aiming for. Additionally, as a relatively inexperienced investor, I would greatly appreciate your thoughts on the overall health of my portfolio.,;,; 2023-06-18 19:46:50]
[Please Roast My Portfolio,;,; Started investing this year, the objective is half index ETF and the other Half stock picks to hold &gt;10 years (mostly for fun, as I really enjoyed learning about value investing). As I am still a rookie in investing I would love some feedback  My method is looking at companies that meet most of the following criteria: gross margin &gt;40%, 5Y ROIC&gt;15%, 5Y ROCE &gt;20%, insider ownership &gt;10%, Capex/sales &lt;5%, net margin &gt;10%, FCF margin &gt;10%, Revenue growth &gt;8%, earnings growth &gt;7%, stock based compensation preferably &lt;10% of operating cash flow. I look for businesses I can understand and I perceive to have a strong moat.  Then I perform a discount cash flow analysis using a discount rate of 15% and an exit free cash flow multiple. I prefer companies with at least 5 year history of free cash flow growth to calculate the expected cash flow growth.  This is my portfolio: 16% Alphabet - avg price 101$ 14% Adobe - avg price 357$ 11% Fortinet - avg price 54,3$ 11% Microsoft - avg price 273$ 11% Amazon - avg price 102$ 11% Mercado Libre - avg price 1210$ 9% Visa - avg price 238 $ 8% ASML - avg price 610 € 6% DSV As - avg price 1311 DKK 3% LVMH - avg price 678€  Early returns since inception: 17% Any advice/contrarian view is welcome, thank you,;,; 2023-11-14 20:59:10]
[Is there any point in selling if holding on to your profitable stocks?,;,; I began investing in November 2021 and in hindsight I probably spread myself a little thin and bought into too many companies. Hopefully the screenshot I've provided is clear enough but just to add some context, the companies I've invested in more than once are:     &amp;nbsp;    Agronomics, Merck KGaA, Emmerson, Berkshire, Brookfield, Microsoft, ASTS and Rocket Lab. Most of the others I'm happy to just let run at this stage.   &amp;nbsp;   I'm in my early 30s so I was looking to take some risks (clearly). There's no incentive to invest in an ETF where I'm based (otherwise I wouldn't be stock picking). In hindsight I made some really poor decisions when I started out and it's sort of made me put my money on deposit since late 2022. I'm not sure what's the best move here.   &amp;nbsp;  My current position is:   &amp;nbsp;  66k on deposit. I'm holding it for a potential house deposit down the line.&amp;nbsp;  41k invested since the end of 2021 but this is now only worth 29k.     &amp;nbsp;     The stocks I'm no longer convinced by:   &amp;nbsp;   ASTS   Polight   Rocket Lab   SOFI   Steakholder Foods (formerly MITC)   &amp;nbsp;   Does it even make sense to get rid of some of these if I'm planning to hold onto Berkshire, Alphabet etc for the foreseeable future? Is it basically just a case of letting the losers run and then offsetting them against any gains down the line?      &amp;nbsp;  [Current portfolio](    &amp;nbsp;  Thanks in advance.,;,; 2023-08-07 10:27:02]
[U.S Index Funds are the Way to Go,;,; \&gt;Positive birthrates, less reliance on immigration compared to nearly every other rich nation  \&gt;Lots of arable land for expansion  \&gt;When isolating for useful land, it is largest country on the planet  \&gt;High on the natural resource spectrum  \&gt;Very high economic growth  \&gt;Rising average wages  \&gt;Rising productivity/capita  \&gt;Still the technological epicenter of the world (i.e ChatGPT, Microsoft, Apple, META, Nvidia)  \&gt;Still financial capital of the world (J.P Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Citibank, Morgan Stanley)  \&gt;Biggest cultural exporter (Hollywood, Madison Avenue, Twitter, Youtube)  \&gt;Brand monopoly (Nike, MacDonalds, Ford)  \&gt;Largest military in the world  \&gt;Largest military industrial complex in the world, meaning we can sustain our military in case of a war (Lockheed Martin, Raytheon).  \&gt;Food independent, net exporter of food, China is a net importer, meaning they're dependent  We're entering into a De-Globalization period which yes, will lower our standard of living as products formerly made overseas will rise relative to our income. This is the natural consequence of protectionism. However, we are still in a better position relative to China and Russia, which will suffer Demographic and economic problems for decades to come.  China has already maxxed out its one advantage. High population. With 1 billion people, even marginal increases in per-capita productivity can yield huge results. However, they're slowing down in this regard, and as the % difference in population between the U.S and China shrinks, the U.S's relative position will only strengthen.  The Ukraine war is absolutely nothing for the United States. The U.S taxes are very low compared to other nation-states, so the 900 billion we're sending to Ukraine makes up a huge hunk of the budget, but compared to our overall economic aggregate, it's NOTHING.,;,; 2023-03-31 18:08:17]
[My Willy-Nilly Stock Portfolio,;,; Hey, guess what! I'm beating the market YTD!  My make-believe portfolio is up 12.2% vs. 11.8% for VOO, a whopping 0.4% advantage.  The portfolio holds 38 company stocks. The thing is, I picked the stocks more or less at random — just companies that I've heard of and "seemed" like they might do well going forward. No analysis, no research, no balance sheets or company reports, more like "selective dart throwing".  I think the returns are purely the product of luck and realize that my lead over VOO could evaporate at any time. We'll see. It kind of proves Peter Lynch's belief that any moax can beat the market but with a caveat: ***if you're lucky***.  Not one dollar of real money is invested in my make-believe portfolio and I would never put real money into it.  Here are the holdings of this magical make-believe portfolio:  NKE	Nike Inc    QCOM	Qualcomm Inc    UNP	Union Pacific Corp    GOOGL	Alphabet Inc Class A    REGN	Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc    ROST	Ross Stores Inc    AMZN	Amazon.com, Inc.    AAPL	Apple Inc    ORLY	O'Reilly Automotive Inc    LRCX	Lam Research Corporation    NVDA	NVIDIA Corp    CHTR	Charter Communications Inc    AXP	American Express Company    MSFT	Microsoft Corp    HSY	Hershey Co    GS	Goldman Sachs Group Inc    NFLX	Netflix Inc    ADP	Automatic Data Processing Inc    KLAC	KLA Corp    PEP	PepsiCo, Inc.    V	Visa Inc    MRNA	Moderna Inc    AVGO	Broadcom Inc    BLK	BlackRock Inc    FDX	FedEx Corp    PFE	Pfizer Inc.    MRK	Merck &amp; Co Inc    KMI	Kinder Morgan Inc    AZO	Autozone Inc    SBUX	Starbucks Corp    UNH	UnitedHealth Group Inc    HRB	H &amp; R Block Inc    MMM	3M Co    F	Ford Motor Co    FLNG	FLEX LNG Ltd    GILD	Gilead Sciences, Inc.    INTC	Intel Corporation    LNC	Lincoln National Corp,;,; 2023-10-02 02:08:00]
[Stock Market News from Today (03/06/2033),;,; ***Earnings:***  **Lordstown Motors (RIDE)**  * EPS of ($0.45), missing ($0.27) estimate * Rev of $194K, missing $1.25M estimate  **Ciena Corp (CIEN)**  * EPS of $0.64, beating $0.36 estimate * Rev of $1.06B, beating $959.40M estimate  **Trip.com (TCOM)**  * EPS of $0.11, beating ($0.03) estimate * Rev of $730M, beating $702.47M estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Tesla (TSLA)** cuts U.S. Model S and Model X prices between 4% and 9% * **Starbucks (SBUX)** plans to add 100 UK stores in drive-through push * **Realty Income (O)** inks $1.5 billion sale-leaseback deal for Cumberland Farms and other stores * **Vistra (VST)** buying **Energy Harbor Corp** for $3 billion * **BridgeBio (BBIO)** rallies 50% on new data from dwarfism therapy * **E.F. Hutton** taking **Rover** and **Jaguar** EV conversion company **E.C.D** public through SPAC merger * **SiriusXM (SIRI)** laying off 475 employees, cutting 8% of workforce * **Microsoft (MSFT)** brings an AI-powered Copilot to its business app suite * **LIBOR** cracks 5% for first time since 2007, spurred by Fed Outlook * **Altria (MO)** to buy vaping company **NJOY** for $2.75 Billion * Qualtrics (XM) gets $12.4 billion buyout offer from Silver Lake * Former top **Credit Suisse (CS**) shareholder, Harris Associates, sells out of bank * **JetBlue (JBLU) - Spirit (SAVE)** deal faces DOJ Antitrust suit as soon as Tuesday * **Merck’s (MRK)** drug boosts exercise capacity in pulmonary hypertension patients,;,; 2023-03-06 23:49:06]
[How can I use correlation coefficients to build a portfolio,;,; Hi all,  Before starting, I'll just point out that most of my portfolio is index funds and ETFs. But I do have maybe 10-15% in single stocks, just to satisfy the inner (wannabe) Buffett.  So we've all heard the advice that diversification is important when building a portfolio. Correct me if wrong, but this can mean across different stocks, or by diversifying across assets, like stocks and real estate.   I was looking for some online calculator that could find the correlation between two stocks and found this:    It lets you put two stocks and the time period to calculate the correlation between.   Could something like this be used just as a rudimentary tool. Either to see how whether you're actually as diversified as you think or to see you're not over concentrating in one area. Like investing in 5 different popular tech giants, which seems to be a thing some people do.   However, some results I found were a bit strange so not sure if that means using figures like these are not so useful? Eg, apple and Goldman Sachs had a correction of 0.8585 over the past 5 years and 0.9058 over the last 10 years. Or Nvidia and PepsiCo also having a correlation just over 0.85.   Are these figures just because stocks have generally all gone up over these time periods so the end result would be that mathematically they are correlated? Even though they are completely different industries/business models?  So can mathemical concepts/figures like these be useful, or do they not mean much since they are backwards looking, and it's better to diversify by knowledge of the different businesses. Such as, we might say intuitively that Apple and PepsiCo should be uncorrelated, no matter what price history suggests?  A final thought I'd like to hear opinions on, would be choosing from different industries based on the most diversification available.   Eg, you pick Microsoft and apple in the tech sector (not in your portfolio, just as two options available) and PG and PEP in, not sure the exact industry name, but say consumer products? You've done whatever prior research you saw fit to arrive at these businesses and now want to narrow things down for whatever reason.   And then have a 2*2 matrix with the different correlations between pairs. If there is a pair that might have significantly lower correlation than the other three, maybe you could pick that? Or is this still not very useful?,;,; 2024-01-07 21:43:24]
[1 year follow-up on buying the dip on pandemic stocks,;,; Last year there was a post asking what folks were doing to profit from the current/upcoming recession on Hacker News: [  I replied ([ that I purchased some pandemic stocks, which I started doing in April 2022. Most of my purchasing was through summer 2022, but I've bought others more recently, like Carvana on the dip in December (which luckily popped since it became a meme stock), as well as Meta, Amazon and Google on the dips in October. The most recent was Allbirds on the dip in March since I had just purchased the shoes and they quickly became my favorite.  Overall, I'm up 36%, but as you can imagine a few winners (which I luckily have larger stakes in) make up for the losers. My target timeline is \~3 years, and we could still see a deeper recession from a hard landing, so I plan to post more annual updates.  There were multiple lots of some stocks, so I've summarized each with the overall unrealized gain/loss so far as of this morning:  * Affirm: -11.33% * Amazon: +25.25% * Allbirds: +9.43% * Coinbase: -34.32% * Carvana: +306.5% * Google: +29.35% * Meta: +170.89% * Cloudflare: +14.35% * Netflix: +97.08% * Peloton: -54.61% * Roblox: +25.14% * Shopify: +39.26% * Snapchat: +3.21% * Snowflake: +11.14% * Unity: +8.91%  **Some commentary**  It's hard to convey how much of a roller coaster the the last 12 months have been, with some pretty large negative swings that I just had to watch and not react to. There are likely more to come, especially since it seems a lot of the potential good news is already priced in.  Interestingly, in that post I mentioned Peloton was one I regretted almost instantly, and is now my worst performer by far. Unfortunately, greed got the best of me and I caught that falling knife buying a few times as the stock dropped further. I was hoping they would get rid of the excess inventory, improve distribution and double down on subscriptions to turn things around, but that hasn't materialized. Maybe it still will, or they get acquired.  Despite the strong gains, I still feel Shopify (improved focus, strong brand), Netflix (new ad tier, other new streaming services struggling and likely to go back to content), and Meta (improved targeting post privacy changes + AI opportunities) still have good upside potential.  I also really like Microsoft due to their enterprise moat and opportunities with AI, but their stock never had the correction the other stocks did and that was the scent I was chasing at the time (right or wrong). But long-term, I also wonder if AI will negate the need for human productivity software since the AI can just do it and review/edit mode requires less bloat (e.g. video with Final Cut Pro vs. TikTok, or images with Photoshop vs. Instagram). I wouldn't doubt if we see an AI-native productivity suite that doesn't just integrate AI, but predicated on simplfy reviewing AI generated content.  I'm disappointed to have missed Nvidia (up 3X since October) since I used to own it and have been watching it since the crypto bust created excess inventory and a predictable dip, then the AI trend led to the recovery. The valuation feels rich, but could easily grow into it given the trajectory of AI, unless the hyperscalers make their own chips.  Perhaps counterintuitively, it seems it's more useful to read/listen to tech/business analysts than financial analysts/stock pickers since, at the end of the day, you need to make your own decisions about the fundamentals and prospects of the business. Financials are a good indicator of fundamentals, but by definition backward looking while valuation is forward looking.  I'm curious to see how these perform if the US enters a broader recession in the next 18 months. I don't plan to sell unless something catastrophic happens and I see a better opportunity to shift to.  **Update \~6mo later here:**  2023-06-12 19:18:14]
[Stock Market News from Today (03/07/2033),;,; ***Earnings***:  **Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS)**  * EPS of $2.93, beating $2.88 estimate * Rev of $3.60B, beating $3.45B estimate * Raises quarterly dividend to $1.00 from 48.75 Cents * Sees Fy 23 EPS of $12.9-$13.8 vs $11.96 estimate  **Ferguson (FERG)**  * EPS of $1.91, missing $2.96 estimate * Rev of $6.83B, missing $7.87B estimate  **Sea Limited (SE)**  * EPS of $0.72, beating ($0.79) estimate * Rev of $3.45B, beating $3.06B estimate  **Thor Industries (THO)**  * EPS of $0.50, missing $1.10 estimate * Rev of $2.35B, missing $2.49B estimate  **Squarespace (SQSP)**  * EPS of ($1.72), missing $0.25 estimate * Rev of $228.8M, beating $222M estimate  **Crowdstrike (CRWD)**  * EPS of $0.47, beating $0.43 estimate * Rev of $637.4M, beating $624.92M estimate * Sees FY23 EPS $2.23-$2.39 vs $1.50 estimate  **Maxeon Solar Technologies (MAXN)**  * EPS of ($1.84), missing ($1.27) estimate * Rev of $232.50M, missing $315.70M estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Salesforce (CRM)** follows Microsoft in launching A.I. tools for salespeople with help from OpenAI * **Visteon (VC)** board OKs $300 million share buyback program * Best Buy (BBY) will set up in-home hospital care through a new deal with Atrium Health**Meta (META)** climbs after reports of more layoffs * **Rivian (RIVN)** plans to sell $1.3 billion in bonds to shore up capital * U.S. sues to stop **JetBlue’s (JBLUE)** deal for **Spirit (SAVE)**, cites consumer harm  Today we also saw **Fed Chair Jerome Powell** deliver his semi-annual monetary policy report to U.S. lawmakers. Stocks soldoff today, as Fed Chair hints at more rate hikes with comments like:  * **Fed Chair Powel**l says interest rates are ‘likely to be higher’ than previously expected * **Powell** says **Fed** prepared to increase rate hike pace if needed  **50BPs in March is now the expectation**,;,; 2023-03-07 22:00:51]
[Trying to figure out how to properly manage my finances,;,; I [M28] have had a long journey investing and trading, and have lost a lot of money, and I’m now trying to do my very best to reallocate my funds.   Here’s what I have at the moment:  $12k in checking account $10k in 401k (haven’t been contributing but I am maxing it out this year and should have ~$28k by the end of the year)  $20k in Roth IRA  $103k in individual brokerage   Much of my holdings have been in ARK ETFs (I know this was an awful decision, but I was young and made some poor choices).   I’m wanting to exit those losing positions hopefully soon and sort out how else to allocate those funds. I will probably have the Roth IRA managed by my retirement company once I exit those positions so I don’t have to worry about it. I’ll also be getting quite the tax harvest from the selling the positions in my brokerage account.   With all the losing positions I sell in my brokerage, I’ll have ~40k of cash to do whatever with. The other ~$63k is invested in TSLA, Google, Microsoft, Apple, AMD &amp; AMZN. I have a $30k position in TSLA, so that’s most of it.   I’m thinking about taking the $40k I get from my losses and putting it in a HYSA, but not sure that would be the best thing to do. I think it would certainly be much less stressful than investing over $100k myself, but I also don’t think I’ll need the money very soon.   I’m single and currently live in Denver (I hate it here), and would love to be able to go to a warmer place, potentially San Diego if I can afford it. I don’t know much about buying a house nor do I feel confident enough in a city to buy one, so still renting for now. My rent is 2.3k here, and would be much higher in a place like SD. I’m hoping to get a decent raise soon that would be closer to $200k, but not sure if it’s gonna play out yet or not.   Any advice would be greatly appreciated! Please be gentle because I know ARK was a mistake and I’m trying to do the right things now. I’m trying to get out of the mindset of recovering my losses through investments, and would like to be able to live more peacefully and not check the market every day.   Thank you!,;,; 2023-09-22 04:49:49]
[Buffett's advice for investing during inflation,;,; I've been re-reading the Berkshire annual letters recently, specifically the ones during the late '70s and early '80s when US inflation raged at 10-14%. During this time Buffett talked extensively about investing in an inflationary environment and I'd like to share three tenets that I picked out.  # Inflation tenet 1: Pricing power  In the 1980 letter, Buffett talks about how the best businesses to own are ones that have true pricing power. He calls these businesses "indexed" to inflation because they can raise the prices of their goods and services in line with the costs of producing them **without impacting consumer demand or impacting its margins**:  "For capital to be truly indexed, return on equity must rise,  i.e., business earnings consistently must increase in proportion  to the increase in the price level *without any need for the  business to add to capital - including working capital -  employed."*  The best way to increase earnings without increasing capital employed is to raise prices, but this requires pricing power. A business can achieve pricing power is by having a durable, intrinsic competitive advantage, or a 'moat' in Buffett speak. Moats come in many forms, for example brands like Apple or Coca Cola, a 'switching moat' like Automatic Data Processing, or scaling efficiencies like Costco.  # Inflation tenet 2: High returns on equity  Inflation should be considered a 'hurdle rate' which all businesses must surpass in the form of return on equity. This bar has been set incredibly low in the last couple of decades it has allowed many businesses to survive that perhaps should not have. Here is Buffett's chilling analogy from the 1981 letter:  "...inflation acts as a gigantic corporate tapeworm.  That  tapeworm pre-emptively consumes its requisite daily diet of  investment dollars regardless of the health of the host organism.   Whatever the level of reported profits (even if nil), more  dollars for receivables, inventory and fixed assets are  continuously required by the business in order to merely match  the unit volume of the previous year.  The less prosperous the  enterprise, the greater the proportion of available sustenance  claimed by the tapeworm."  "Under present conditions, a business earning 8% or 10% on  equity often has no leftovers for expansion, debt reduction or  “real” dividends.  The tapeworm of inflation simply cleans the  plate."  Investors would also do well to avoid companies with high debt with have the illusionary effect of juicing ROE numbers. Companies that rely on revolving credit are at the whim of rising interest rates.  # Inflation tenet 3: Capable of large business volume increases  Again in the 1981 letter, Buffett recommends that the business needs to be able to "accommodate large dollar volume increases in business (often  produced more by inflation than by real growth)  with only minor  additional investment of capital".  When businesses can increase output without increasing the cost of output at the same rate, this is called operational leverage. Examples of businesses that can more easily scale up demand are software businesses like Microsoft, or payment processors like Visa.  # Summary  Some businesses have intrinsic characteristics that make them more resilient to inflationary pressures. Investors would do well to identify some businesses that fit the profiles that Buffett has drawn us and try and own them (at a sensible price), for what may well be a sustained high inflation environment in the decade to come.,;,; 2023-03-12 20:02:55]
[In Defense of Dividends (On a Million $ Portfolio),;,; To start with, I'm 41 years old, and have been investing since I was 22. Right now, my portfolio is just around a million dollars - still waiting to get a $87k tax refund from the government. Here's a screenshot of my portfolio:  [  Edit: The portfolio total is in Canadian dollars. So convert US holdings like SCHD, VOO, IBTG etc from USD to CAD, and the total should add up.  Edit 2: You'll see that I'm not exclusively chasing dividends either. I have VOO, AVUV etc that have pretty poor dividends.  As you can see, I have a strong dividend tilt. I'm not trying to squeeze 7% or 8% from my portfolio. I think 3-4% is a good balance between growth and dividends.  Yesterday, I saw a long polemic about "young" investors chasing dividends: [  While I'm not exactly old, I'm not exactly young either. And here's why I think the poster is wrong about dividends.  **The Arguments for Dividends**  *1. We all Know that Dividends are not free money*  No investor thinks that dividends are "free money". Obviously money doesn't grow on trees, and we all know it has to come from somewhere. People often use this as a "gotcha", but it's a straw man. Is there any reasonable investor who thinks dividends spring from the earth?  No. Everyone knows that dividends come from a company's assets. So let's get that out of the way.  *2. Wealth is an Income Stream, Not Capital*  At a fundamental level, I don't care about stock prices. I care about only two things:  a) What is my income stream?  b) How fast is that income stream growing?  Anyone reading an old Charles Dickens book knows that the English used to measure a person's wealth, not by how much they have, but by how much income was coming in. For example, here's a quote from Great Expectations:  **"His rise in the world was not much appreciated by Mrs. Pocket, who had a decided inaptitude for doing anything to an amount. But, Biddy, he was five hundred a year"**  In his book "The Four Pillars of Investing", Bernstein makes the same point. He says that at some time, Americans became enamored with the number in their brokerage account and started talking about wealth as if it were a static number.  For me, I don't care about the value of my brokerage account. I care about its income stream. No income stream? Then you're poor. At least for me. Doesn't matter if I have a million dollars in my brokerage.  *3. Dividends ARE From a Company's Earnings*  For some reason, the poster bring up bad companies who sell assets to pay dividends. There are bad companies everywhere. We don't use them as examples to make a point. Good companies earn money, and pay dividends from those earnings. This isn't hard to understand.  *4. Companies Overestimate their Ability to Re-invest their Earnings into Growth*  Here's the big one. The theory goes that companies that don't pay dividends will re-invest that money into even more growth. Tax efficient growth! Who doesn't want that?  Anyone reading this, who works for a public company, will know exactly how much money is wasted on bureaucracy, corporate management, bonuses, and all kinds of junk. Just last year, we were treated to the news that tech companies wasted billions of dollars hiring people to do nothing. What a waste! As shareholders, you should have been outraged. **That money was yours**. It's human nature to waste money. It is beyond the ability of any human being to be prudent with money in the face of a river of cash with no accountability. Dividends impose fiscal discipline.  For a company to retain dividends, they need to *generate a higher return than their own current cashflow*. In other words, they need a higher Internal Rate of Return (IRR) than what they have right now. That''s a huge ask for any company to do consistently over years. You think Google is profitable right now? Well, they're promising that they'll get even *more* profitable over the years. If you think this can continue forever...well, that's your gamble to make.  *5. Re-investing Dividends Gets you more of the Same Proven Cash Flow*  When you re-invest your dividends, you're purchasing more of the same cashflow that the company has proven **they can already generate**. It's not pie-in-the-sky "trust me bro" cashflow. You know the company's track record. You know its record of dividend growth. You're buying more of the same. It's more secure.  *6. A Company is Not the Same as its Stock*  The English used to have a saying:  **"Milk from the cows, eggs from the hens. A stock, by God, for its dividends!"**  People mistakenly think that a company and its stock are the same thing. They are not. A stock is a financial instrument that is valued only for its current or future cash flow. A company is well...a company.  For example, Google is a great company. Cash rich, and growing. It's stock, however, is dog shit. It pays nothing, and I value it as 0.  *7. When a Company Fails, All You're Left with is Dividends*  Companies grow and die. During the life cycle of a company, the only value it ever actually returns to its shareholders is through dividends. During liquidation, chances are that it's in distress and that shareholders won't get the value of the company's assets, so that's a poor way to ensure you get something out of it in the end.  Imagine the journey of Meta. It grows to tremendous heights, and 30 years later is dies. At the end of it, what did shareholders get if it paid no dividends? When a company finally closes its doors, you will be glad that it paid you dividends. At least you got something out of it.  *8. Without Dividends (Present or Future) a Stock is No different from Bitcoin*  What makes Bitcoin a joke? The lack of cashflow. What gives a house value? The cashflow - either directly from rent, or the amount of rent you save from living in it.  What gives a stock value? Not company earnings, which have no impact on you. Dividends. By god, dividends! People who substitute company earnings for dividends are making the mistake as point (6). A company is not the same as its stock.  *9. I Invest Based on the Gordon Equation*  The Gordon equation (a variation of the dividend discount model) is simple:  Expected yield = Current yield + growth of that yield.  For example, Microsoft's yield is low. But it's growing that yield fast, so I consider it. Google pays nothing. I value it at zero.  **Bottom Line**  No one denies that companies need to retain *some* earnings to grow. No one is demanding that you chase yields and expect 5, 6, 7, or 8% dividends. 3 or 4% is plenty. Leaves enough for the company to continue growing, imposes decent fiscal discipline on a company's cashflow, and returns actual value to shareholders.  That's my strategy, and I'm sticking to it.  Edit: For those of you reaching out, worried about me being attacked here, don't worry. I'm 41 years and a grown ass adult. Words won't hurt me :),;,; 2023-07-30 14:49:10]
[The most crucial topic this week will involve corporate reports. Who are the leaders, and who are the laggards?,;,; Below, I'm offering up the sectors  that I believe have the greatest potential for improved financial  performance, as well as those that may disappoint investors.  I expect an increase in financial performance in the following areas:  1️⃣ Technology: Primarily, companies specializing in AI and hardware production.  ▪ **Nvidia (NVDA)** graphics cards remain highly popular among users, while **Advanced Micro Devices (AMD)** and **Intel (INTC)** may also signal a recovery in demand. AI product creators **Alphabet (GOOG)** and **Microsoft (MSFT)** could also see increased demand for their products in the coming quarters, boosting profits.  2️⃣  Cryptocurrency companies: Rising prices for Bitcoin, Ethereum, and  other coins are likely to boost profits from commissions for the **Coinbase** crypto exchange **(COIN)** and from the mining company **Marathon Digital (MARA)**.  3️⃣ Energy and precious metals mining:  ▪ Mineral prices (gold and silver) exhibited a growth trend in the reporting quarter. This could send profits for **Newmont (NEM)** and **Barrick Gold (GOLD)** soaring.  ▪ Increasing energy demand could result in higher revenues for **Peabody Energy (BTU)** and **Arch Resources (ARCH)**.  Laggards:  1️⃣ Financial: Tightening credit conditions and deposit outflows are likely to primarily impact regional banks such as **First Republic Bank (FRC)**. Large banks, including those with investment banking divisions like **Bank of America (BAC)** and **JP Morgan (JPM)**,  could benefit from deposit inflows and increased asset values in the  stock market. However, the quality of their loan portfolios is  deteriorating, and reserves are growing.  I'm not ready to add these shares to my portfolios, so I will continue to observe the dynamics of these stocks.  Additionally, the reports from **Wells Fargo (WFC)**, JP Morgan Chase, and **Citigroup (C)** showed decent results thanks to cost control and growth in net interest income.  2️⃣  Consumer: Stores, including online marketplaces, typically experience a  decline in demand in the 1st quarter following holiday sales. I  anticipate a drop in demand indicators from **Best Buy (BBY)**, **Walmart (WMT)**, **GAP (GPS)**, as well as **Bed Bath &amp; Beyond (BBBY)**, which faces bankruptcy.  3️⃣  Healthcare: The coronavirus pandemic and seasonal colds have subsided,  and the increased demand for drugs has dwindled. Medical companies such  as **Teva (TEVA)**, **Pfizer (PFE)**, and **Novavax (NVAX)** could increase spending on new drugs, which would impact shareholder returns negatively.  Conclusion:  Adding  a sector to one list or another doesn't necessarily mean that after the  report is presented, all of the stocks in promising sectors will soar  while all of those in the laggard category will tank. Rather, these are  thoughts on on the medium- and long-term growth prospects of specific  sectors in my field of vision.,;,; 2023-04-17 14:40:00]
[Avantis AVGE Holdings Data/Study,;,; I'm developing an application related to ETF portfolios (the goal is to be able to analyze intersection, diversification between countries, categories, portfolio trend \[small to large, value to growth map\], etc).  Anyway. An ETF that I really like is **AVGE**, from Avantis. If I could summarize it in a few words, it would be the "VT with tendency to the value factor". It is a "fund of funds" with the following composition:  * Avantis U.S. Equity ETF (42.78%) * Avantis U.S. Large Cap Value ETF (15.05%) * Avantis International Equity ETF (10.89%) * Avantis Emerging Markets Equity ETF (6.37%) * Avantis International Large Cap Value ETF (5.49%) * Avantis U.S. Small Cap Value ETF (4.95%) * Avantis U.S Small Cap Equity ETF (4.86%) * Avantis Emerging Markets Value ETF (4.28%) * Avantis Real Estate ETF (3.00%) * Avantis International Small Cap Value ETF (2.17%) * State Street Institutional Investment Trust US Government Money Market Fund Institutional (0.09%)  I got this information from the website [etf.com/avge]( But I would like to go further. I would not like to see the funds that make up these funds, I want to see the holdings that make up the funds of that fund.  So, with a little bit of programming I was able to extract this information and publish it in this github repository. There are two CSV, of which:  * [avge-holdings-ungrouped.csv]( In this CSV I have not grouped the repeated companies. You will be able to see the weight of each holding in each of the funds. Example: APPL represents 4.78% of AVUS (which represents 42.78% of AVGE) and at the same time represents 2.98% of AVLV (which represents 15.05% of AVGE). * [avge-holdings-grouped.csv]( This CSV shows the actual participation of a given company in AVGE. So, for example, the APPL that is part of AVUS and AVLG, its real weight is 2.49% (4.78%\*42.78% + 2.98%\*15.05%).  And, just to make the post more graphic, I end with the list of the 10 biggest AVGE positions.  |Name|Ticker|Weight| |:-|:-|:-| |Apple Inc.|AAPL|2.49%| |Microsoft Corporation|MSFT|1.56%| |Exxon Mobil Corporation|XOM|0.92%| |Meta Platforms Inc. Class A|META|0.85%| |JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co|JPM|0.80%| |Chevron Corporation|CVX|0.77%| |Merck &amp; Co., Inc|MRK|0.76%| |Alphabet Inc. Class A|GOOGL|0.63%| |Pfizer Inc|PFE|0.56%| |Alphabet Inc. Class C|GOOG|0.55%|  The fund's 10 largest positions add up to **9.91%**. It's a pretty small value when compared to growth ETFs like QQQ, VUG, etc.  # Next goals (which I will do when I have time):  * Compare the percentage portfolio between AVGE and VT; * Get the country and sector of each of the 9824 holdings. In this way I will be able to carry out a study of the geographic and sectorial diversification of AVGE. I'll probably use ChatGPT to help me with this because I haven't found any api that can give me this information easily.,;,; 2023-04-20 19:01:28]
[Investing in software companies (tin foil chat),;,; Wanted to share some thought on how to pick stocks in technology. I want to focus on the quality of revenue. I did t know this until I spoke with a few experts and got me thinking about fraud and if there is a method to spot fraud in technology consistently.   I was brought up in the UK in the 90s and 00s where some managers made a fortune by investing in internet companies. Most of those people were long only investors and the horizon was super long. Their main thesis was around changes in society, habitual changes, that would have led to some internet companies to show abnormal growth in stock price. Amazon, Google, FB, Microsoft etc. These managers literally became millionaires.   The legacy of these managers dies hard and there are many money managers betting on healthcare tech (bio tech), food industries or energy transition. Their bets are almost always driven by top down analysis, instead of understanding the operations of each company. Most of these firms generate their money from licensing.   Licensing revenue has distinct characteristics such as - multi year firm wide contract  - cost of switching tends to be expensive  - once signed, your revenue is basically guaranteed for a good few years   One often overlooked is the fact that companies have a great leeway on when to book/show sales and cancellations in their book if and when these multi year licensing contracts get cancelled.  Imagine a hypothetical scenario where a firm sells a licensing agreement. The customer gives a notice or intent to cancel this licensing agreement at the end of the term or even in the middle of it for whatever reasons.   - there is often penalty involved in early termination  - the notice period is longer often in months  How does this cancellation appear in your quarterly or semi annual reports?  For this potential loss to appear in the official report, you would need this cancellation to be passed to a relevant department and recorded.   How does a customer give a notice to the firm of the intention to cancel the licensing agreement? Through their sales or relationship contact.   Once the sales team receives this cancellation, is there a process that gets initiated or can the sales team decide when to pass this cancellation notice to their management?   This cancellation doesn’t look good on the sales team that covers that region or customer type. Particularly if the contract amount was large, the bonus would be impacted. The sales team often starts a campaign to minimize the impact of the cancellation or at least understand why the contract is being terminated. These campaigns, due to the nature of the contract, could run months, right up to the date of the actual cancellation. And from what I hear, not very effective use of the sales teams time.   At what point, is the sales team forced to record this cancellation in their book? I think they will delay recording this loss of revenue till the very last day or they try to smooth the loss by booking this loss when there is a significant gain in revenue (new contract for example).   Does the same happen to new customer acquisitions? It could. Maybe preferable to record a new sale in certain months, due to accounting or reporting reasons, or bonus reasons.   For these reasons, technology firms revenue sometimes appears incredibly smooth, smooth because they are cooked, not by management of the firm that might have no knowledge of the book cooking of this nature, but rather on the ground by those who carry out day to day jobs.   This makes me want to spot firms without proper governance to short them. Firms seemingly doing well are the targets. Firms that rely on a few products are the targets instead of large diversified firms.   Eventually I think regulators will step in, but at the moment, they don’t seem to have much clue around technology licensing businesses.   Maybe this is a tin foil discussion,;,; 2023-12-31 08:59:01]
[First-time Poster (go easy),;,; TLDR: Swapping from Edward Jones to Schwab and looking for traditional IRA and other recommendations. \*Apologies for the following novel!      Hey folks, I am looking for some strategic advice. I started investing three years ago when I finished active-duty military service. My wife and I stupidly didn’t save or invest any money during my 20 years of service, so no IRAs or TSP starting off. We collectively were living paycheck-to-paycheck during my military service based on terrible spending habits.      In 2021 we sold a house which netted us around $150k. We bought another (at 2.499 interest) but put very little down because we used our VA loan and I wanted to feel the security of having cash on hand. We have kept the rest of the proceeds in the breakdown below. Not really knowing what I was doing, I opened accounts with Edward Jones and started throwing money at it. We were able to open the Roth's based on my income then, but have since become ineligible to add to those due to high income. Also, we bought all of the individual stocks and watched them plummet in 2022, but they have since recovered and we are basically back where we started.      Fast-forward to now, we still spend what I consider a ridiculous amount of money every month, but we are working to correct it and double-down on investing for retirement. I started working with a great company that does a 5% match with John Hancock, and I am maxing that contribution every year (about $20k) with 75% into RFHTX and 25% into the 500 Index Fund. I am not looking to change that allocation unless folks have a compelling recommendation. Additionally, we have roughly $5k/month that is unused (saved) and put in our normal bank savings account which is really giving us no return, about 60 dollars a month, so not really sure what to do there… I should note that I plan to work for at least the next 15-20 years and expect my current income level to remain static or increase.      So my questions are:     \-	As we are moving into Schwab, what index funds or ETFs would make the most sense for the Roth IRAs?    \-	Should we be maxing out Traditional IRAs with the intent to do a backdoor conversion later?     \-	What should be done with the cash that we have in our bank’s low-interest savings account?    \-	Are we on track or do I need to make some drastic move like taking savings and paying off vehicles / dropping the savings into my mortgage to reduce it / other?        One thought I have is to make the transition to Schwab and put the Roth’s/529s into whatever the advisor recommends. Then liquidating the $50,000 in individual stocks from EJ, put that money into a MMF with Schwab and use that money to fund Traditional IRAs for my wife and I. Would this be a smart move?        Below are some of our financial stats:    Age: 44 – seeking to retire between 60-65 y.o.    Current take home (net) income: $20,000/mo    \-	$12,000 from employment    \-	$8,000 from military retirement &amp; VA disability    Monthly bills: $10,000/month    Discretionary spending: $5,000/mo    Current 401k: $88,000    (Edward Jones) Existing Roth IRAs: $20,000    USAA Savings account: $90,000    (Edward Jones) Kid’s 529s: $8,000 (although both kids have GI Bill, so won’t likely “need” the 529s)    (Edward Jones) Individual stock positions: $50,000    \-	Alphabet (100 shares)    \-	Amazon (60)    \-	Apple (50)    \-	Blackrock (5)    \-	Duke Energy (10)    \-	Meta (20)    \-	Microsoft (10)    \-	Southwest (100)    \-	Disney (20)    ,;,; 2023-07-29 17:02:26]
[Seeking Advice on Optimizing My Investment Portfolio for a Secure Future,;,; Hello fellow investors!   I'm a 34-year-old individual who has been playing around in the world of the stock market for the past 5 years now. As I'm envisioning a comfortable retirement and, most importantly, want to ensure financial stability for my family, I am seeking some guidance on reorganizing my investment portfolio.  My primary goals include securing a solid retirement fund and saving for my 1 year old's college education, with dreams of gifting him his first car at 18. Currently, I have a 529 plan in place, contributing $100 per month towards his future education.  I would greatly appreciate your insights and expertise in helping me assess and potentially reshape my investment strategy. Whether it's adjusting the allocation of assets, exploring new investment avenues, or any other valuable tips you might have, I'm all ears!  Here's a snapshot of my current portfolio:  ## Individual - TOD  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |TOD|SCHD|SCHWAB US DIVIDEND EQUITY ETF|133.983|52.79%|$10,212.13| |TOD|FXAIX|FIDELITY 500 INDEX FUND|37.677|32.05%|$6,200.12| |TOD|QYLD|GLOBAL X FDS NASDAQ 100 COVER|84.422|7.50%|$1,450.36| |TOD|FENY|FIDELITY MSCI ENERGY INDEX ETF|23.58|2.85%|$552.24| |TOD|EGY|VAALCO ENERGY INC ISIN #US91851C2017 SEDOL #BP6DQ87|98.525|2.38%|$460.11| |TOD|FTEC|FIDELITY MSCI INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INDEX ETF|1.882|1.35%|$260.83| |TOD|CRON|CRONOS GROUP INC COM NPV ISIN #CA22717L1013 SEDOL #BF01YS3|51|0.55%|$107.10| |TOD|CNBS|AMPLIFY ETF TR SEYMOUR CANNBS|14.865|0.32%|$61.24| |TOD|SPAXX\*\*|HELD IN MONEY MARKET|\-|0.26%|$50.21| |TOD|NMG|NOUVEAU MONDE GRAPHITE INC COM NPV (POST REV SPLIT)|12|0.16%|$30.06| |TOD|ENZC|ENZOLYTICS INC COM|310|0.04%|$6.78| |TOD|MU|MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC|0.029|0.01%|$2.38| |TOD|HMNY|HELIOS &amp; MATHESON ANALYTICS IN COM|16|0.00%|$0.00|  ## ROTH IRA  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |ROTH IRA|FXAIX|FIDELITY 500 INDEX FUND|48.212|24.76%|$7,933.76| |ROTH IRA|FTEC|FIDELITY MSCI INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INDEX ETF|56.502|24.44%|$7,830.83| |ROTH IRA|MSFT|MICROSOFT CORP|9.646|11.22%|$3,594.09| |ROTH IRA|SCHD|SCHWAB US DIVIDEND EQUITY ETF|46.71|11.11%|$3,560.21| |ROTH IRA|FELC|FIDELITY ENHANCED LARGE CAP CORE ETF|59.718|4.89%|$1,566.40| |ROTH IRA|FDRV|FIDELITY ELECTRIC VEHICLES AND FUTURE TRANSPORTATION ETF|77.918|3.91%|$1,252.14| |ROTH IRA|SONY|SONY GROUP CORPORATION SPON ADS EACH REPR 1 ORD SHS|12.737|3.68%|$1,178.55| |ROTH IRA|O|REALTY INCOME CORP COM|19.903|3.57%|$1,144.16| |ROTH IRA|ICLN|ISHARES TR GL CLEAN ENE ETF|59.216|2.76%|$883.50| |ROTH IRA|AAPL|APPLE INC|3.496|2.01%|$642.89| |ROTH IRA|UMC|UNITED MICR ELCTRNS ADR REP 5 ORD|78.216|1.98%|$634.33| |ROTH IRA|PFE|PFIZER INC|15.71|1.46%|$467.68| |ROTH IRA|OSS|ONE STOP SYS INC COM|160.042|1.05%|$336.88| |ROTH IRA|ALAR|ALARUM TECHNOLOGIES LTD SPON ADS EACH REP 10 ORD SHS (POST SPLT)|27|0.77%|$247.05| |ROTH IRA|HAIL|SPDR SER TR S&amp;P KENSHO SMART|7.978|0.73%|$235.43| |ROTH IRA|PSIL|ADVISORSHARES TR PSYCHEDELICS ETF|87.085|0.39%|$123.93| |ROTH IRA|EVGO|EVGO INC CL A COM|35.456|0.35%|$110.80| |ROTH IRA|NIO|NIO INC SPON ADS EACH REP 1 ORD SHS CLASS A|9.22|0.24%|$76.69| |ROTH IRA|LCID|LUCID GROUP INC COM|17.443|0.22%|$71.42| |ROTH IRA|PTN|PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES INC COM NEW|13|0.15%|$47.06| |ROTH IRA|VYM|VANGUARD WHITEHALL FDS HIGH DIV YLD|0.364|0.13%|$40.66| |ROTH IRA|JNJ|JOHNSON &amp; JOHNSON COM USD1.00|0.185|0.09%|$29.73| |ROTH IRA|ABAT|AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COM NEW|4|0.05%|$17.32| |ROTH IRA|AIRI|AIR INDS GROUP COM|4|0.04%|$12.97| |ROTH IRA|ONL|ORION OFFICE REIT INC COM|1.076|0.02%|$5.99| |ROTH IRA|VYST|VYSTAR CORP COM NEW|10|0.00%|$0.88| |ROTH IRA|FDRXX\*\*|HELD IN MONEY MARKET|\-|0.00%|$0.12| |ROTH IRA|PASO|PATIENT ACCESS SOLUTIONS INC|5000|0.00%|$0.00| |ROTH IRA|703CNT014|PATIENT ACCESS RR CONTRA|1|0.00%|n/a| |ROTH IRA|55404P100|MYDX INC COM|5000|0.00%|n/a| |ROTH IRA|DECN|DECISION DIAGNOSTICS CORP COM USD0.001|4250|0.00%|$0.00|  ## 401K  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |401K|NON40OO9U|TARGETRETIREMENT2060|5623.121|57.22%|$102,087.75| |401K|FNSFX|FID FREEDOM 2060 K|5926.754|42.78%|$76,336.59|  ## Uniform Transfers to Minors (UTMA)  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |UTMA|VOO|VANGUARD INDEX FUNDS S&amp;P 500 ETF USD|1.459|99.90%|$629.67|  Thank you in advance for your time and advice!,;,; 2024-01-03 16:24:46]
[What allocation approach is implied by Toby Nangle's new FT article on narrow markets driving equity returns?,;,; What I take from the article below is not to rely too much on a macro-driven asset allocation strategy.  But what asset allocation strategy makes sense in this environment then?    &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;    /content/c5d7ee71-92a2-4840-9344-2f62e9642e61  # Narrow markets should humble macro forecasters  5-6 minutes   2023-08-08   Toby Nangle    The writer is a former global head of asset allocation at a fund manager   This year has been marked by strong equity markets, and what looks to be an astonishingly narrow rally. Of the 16.9 per cent returned by the S&amp;P 500 index in the first half of this year, 12.9 per cent derived from the performance of only 10 companies.   With such a high proportion of a market’s value created by so few groups, it feels fair to question the tool kits of asset allocators and, more broadly, the product line-up of fund management firms.   Narrow stock market returns are, after all, the norm. Research by Arizona State University professor Hendrik Bessembinder shows that more than half of the $55.1tn in net wealth generated by the US equity market between 1926 and 2022 came from the performance of fewer than 0.3 per cent of the market’s stocks, with the other half of this net wealth coming from the next best 3.1 per cent of stocks.   Moreover, almost three-fifths of stocks actually destroyed wealth over the period. In quant-speak, the distribution of compound stock returns has been very positively skewed.   In addition, the skewness of equity returns turns out not to be a particularly North American phenomenon. Indeed, in the three decades ending in December 2020 the proportion of net wealth contributed by the best 1 per cent of emerging market stocks was more than 80 per cent.   Looking at the entire global stock universe outside the US, the proportion rises still further to more than 90 per cent. Winners have won big. Most individual stocks over the past 30 years have failed to outperform dollars stored under the mattress, let alone a local currency interest-bearing cash deposits — even after taking into account dividends.   Bessembinder’s work has typically been surveyed in terms of what it means for active stockpickers — with some seeing it as a rationalisation for chasing moonshots and others for pursuing passive index-investing. Less examined has been what it means for asset allocators.   Developed market stock index returns have been dominated by global companies — even if they each carry a domestic tilt. As such, connecting local macroeconomic developments to the performance of a region’s equity index can be something of a dark art.   Single large stocks with an economic fate that has little to do with their listing jurisdiction have dominated national index returns. For example, the photolithography machine-maker ASML accounts for more than a fifth of the total net wealth created by Dutch stocks in the 30 years up to 2020. Global fast-fashion retailer Inditex accounts for more than a sixth of Spanish stock returns. Global luxury brands LVMH and L’Oréal collectively account for almost a quarter of the returns from French stocks. These are not outliers. One cannot explain long-term returns without reference to such companies in pretty much any region.   If it becomes hard to explain equity index returns without reference to specific superstar groups, it stands to reason that it must be even harder to forecast equity index returns without taking a view on some individual companies. It’s easy today to focus on whether the Magnificent Seven that have powered the S&amp;P 500 rally — Apple, Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet, Amazon, Nvidia, Tesla and Meta — might stumble. With more than a quarter of the US market’s valuation riding on them, the question is not at all trivial. But 30 years ago, five of these seven had not even listed. It’s hard to take a view on companies that don’t yet exist.   I’ve been as guilty as the next asset allocator in explaining my preference for US over European stocks or vice versa with reference to some domestic macroeconomic outlook. Given that financials, utilities and property groups will carry a strong domestic flavour, this is still forgivable.   But when constructing a long-term strategic asset allocation, it is becoming increasingly untenable to justify regional preferences with reference to local macroeconomic forecasts. This may explain why long-term return forecasts for equity markets — or Capital Market Assumptions, as they are known — have such a lousy record.   The biggest single investment decision any institutional or individual investor is likely to make in their portfolio is their choice of strategic asset allocation. To create a strategic asset allocation one must make reasonable guesses about future market returns. Bessembinder’s research shows quite how invariably such reasonable guesses will be blindsided by the fate of single stocks.,;,; 2023-08-08 12:11:15]
["Outside of the Magnificent 7, the rest of the S&amp;P 500 did nothing.",;,; I'm going to eat my own eyeballs if I read this one more time.  &amp;#x200B;  Here's a list of all the S&amp;P 500 companies that are up this year. Apple's an amazing business, but there are 60 stocks that have done better, just in the S&amp;P 500. Do your homework, don't be afraid to buy individual stocks, and don't believe anyone who won't shut up about the Magnificent 7.  &amp;#x200B;  **Company	2023 gain (through Dec. 28)**    NVIDIA Corporation 	 238.1     Meta Platforms, Inc. 	 197.3     Builders FirstSource, Inc. 	 162.9     Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 	 162.8     Uber Technologies, Inc. 	 155.9     Carnival Corporation &amp; plc 	 130.0     PulteGroup, Inc. 	 128.3     Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 	 125.5     Palo Alto Networks, Inc. 	 113.2     Tesla, Inc. 	 112.2     Broadcom Inc. 	 101.4     Salesforce, Inc. 	 101.2     Arista Networks, Inc. 	 95.9     Fair Isaac Corporation 	 95.6     Intel Corporation 	 92.1     Lam Research Corporation 	 89.1     Jabil Inc. 	 86.9     Amazon.com, Inc. 	 82.5     ServiceNow, Inc. 	 81.3     Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. 	 80.0     Blackstone Inc. 	 78.7     Adobe Inc. 	 77.1     Booking Holdings Inc. 	 75.4     Expedia Group, Inc. 	 74.9     Micron Technology, Inc. 	 73.4     Cadence Design Systems, Inc. 	 71.0     D.R. Horton, Inc. 	 70.2     Applied Materials, Inc. 	 68.6     Netflix, Inc. 	 66.8     Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 	 66.5     Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. 	 66.3     Western Digital Corporation 	 66.1     Lennar Corporation 	 65.0     United Rentals, Inc. 	 62.9     Seagate Technology Holdings plc 	 62.9     Pentair plc 	 62.3     Synopsys, Inc. 	 62.3     Intuit Inc. 	 61.6     NRG Energy, Inc. 	 61.0     Copart, Inc. 	 60.6     TransDigm Group Incorporated 	 60.1     Airbnb, Inc. 	 59.7     Alphabet Inc. 	 59.1     Eli Lilly and Company 	 59.0     Parker-Hannifin Corporation 	 58.8     Lululemon Athletica Inc. 	 58.8     KLA Corporation 	 56.9     Axon Enterprise, Inc. 	 56.1     Microsoft Corporation 	 56.0     Celanese Corporation 	 55.0     Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 	 54.6     FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. 	 54.1     Eaton Corporation plc 	 53.4     General Electric Company 	 53.0     NVR, Inc. 	 52.3     Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. 	 52.3     Quanta Services, Inc. 	 51.5     West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. 	 51.2     Marriott International, Inc. 	 50.7     W.W. Grainger, Inc. 	 49.4     Ingersoll Rand Inc. 	 49.0     Apple Inc. 	 48.7     ANSYS, Inc. 	 48.6     PACCAR Inc 	 48.2     Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 	 47.8     NetApp, Inc. 	 47.5     NXP Semiconductors N.V. 	 46.9     PTC Inc. 	 46.4     Costco Wholesale Corporation 	 46.1     Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. 	 45.7     Trane Technologies plc 	 45.1     FedEx Corporation 	 44.9     Masco Corporation 	 44.2     Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. 	 43.7     A. O. Smith Corporation 	 43.5     Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 	 41.3     Akamai Technologies, Inc. 	 41.2     Capital One Financial Corporation 	 41.1     Iron Mountain Incorporated 	 40.9     Carrier Global Corporation 	 40.1     Moody's Corporation 	 40.1     Hubbell Incorporated 	 39.8     Garmin Ltd. 	 39.4     DaVita Inc. 	 39.2     Welltower Inc. 	 38.9     Fastenal Company 	 38.1     Ralph Lauren Corporation 	 37.8     The Boeing Company 	 37.6     Howmet Aerospace Inc. 	 37.1     Ecolab Inc. 	 37.0     IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. 	 36.6     ON Semiconductor Corporation 	 36.4     Constellation Energy Corporation 	 36.2     Digital Realty Trust, Inc. 	 35.7     Nucor Corporation 	 34.9     Verisk Analytics, Inc. 	 34.5     Zoetis Inc. 	 34.4     Cintas Corporation 	 34.2     News Corporation 	 34.2     MGM Resorts International 	 33.6     Pool Corporation 	 33.5     Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. 	 33.3     GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. 	 33.0     Assurant, Inc. 	 33.0     Gartner, Inc. 	 32.9     Accenture plc 	 32.6     QUALCOMM Incorporated 	 32.5     Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation 	 32.2     The Sherwin-Williams Company 	 32.0     Fiserv, Inc. 	 31.6     Stanley Black &amp; Decker, Inc. 	 31.4     S&amp;P Global Inc. 	 31.4     Cardinal Health, Inc. 	 31.3     Autodesk, Inc. 	 31.2     Amphenol Corporation 	 30.6     Align Technology, Inc. 	 30.5     Microchip Technology Incorporated 	 29.7     Oracle Corporation 	 29.6     Generac Holdings Inc. 	 29.4     Phillips 66 	 29.4     Packaging Corporation of America 	 29.0     Vulcan Materials Company 	 29.0     Tyler Technologies, Inc. 	 28.9     Equifax Inc. 	 28.8     Marathon Petroleum Corporation 	 28.8     Global Payments Inc. 	 28.3     CarMax, Inc. 	 28.1     CDW Corporation 	 28.0     Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation 	 27.4     Intuitive Surgical, Inc. 	 27.2     Snap-on Incorporated 	 27.0     Republic Services, Inc. 	 27.0     Teradyne, Inc. 	 26.8     American Express Company 	 26.6     Qorvo, Inc. 	 26.4     JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. 	 26.3     Linde plc 	 26.1     Roper Technologies, Inc. 	 25.8     Comcast Corporation 	 25.8     Host Hotels &amp; Resorts, Inc. 	 25.7     Skyworks Solutions, Inc. 	 25.5     F5, Inc. 	 25.3     CME Group Inc. 	 25.2     Visa Inc. 	 24.6     Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 	 24.6     Caterpillar Inc. 	 24.4     Brown &amp; Brown, Inc. 	 23.9     Steel Dynamics, Inc. 	 23.7     Delta Air Lines, Inc. 	 23.5     Cencora, Inc. 	 23.2     Equinix, Inc. 	 23.2     Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 	 23.1     TE Connectivity Ltd. 	 22.6     Stryker Corporation 	 22.3     Simon Property Group, Inc. 	 22.3     Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 	 22.1     Mastercard Incorporated 	 22.0     McKesson Corporation 	 22.0     CBRE Group, Inc. 	 21.7     MSCI Inc. 	 21.6     WestRock Company 	 21.6     The Progressive Corporation 	 21.5     Analog Devices, Inc. 	 21.5     Fortinet, Inc. 	 21.4     Allegion plc 	 21.2     Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. 	 21.2     Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 	 21.2     Boston Scientific Corporation 	 21.1     STERIS plc 	 20.9     Rockwell Automation, Inc. 	 20.8     Motorola Solutions, Inc. 	 20.5     Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. 	 20.3     Illinois Tool Works Inc. 	 19.7     Wells Fargo &amp; Company 	 19.5     Domino's Pizza, Inc. 	 19.5     Rollins, Inc. 	 19.4     PPG Industries, Inc. 	 19.4     Robert Half Inc. 	 19.2     Prologis, Inc. 	 19.0     Union Pacific Corporation 	 18.7     Molson Coors Beverage Company 	 18.6     Loews Corporation 	 18.6     Targa Resources Corp. 	 18.4     Ross Stores, Inc. 	 18.4     Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. 	 18.3     Darden Restaurants, Inc. 	 18.2     FactSet Research Systems Inc. 	 18.2     AMETEK, Inc. 	 17.8     Essex Property Trust, Inc. 	 17.6     AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 	 17.3     Arch Capital Group Ltd. 	 17.1     Baker Hughes Company 	 16.8     Synchrony Financial 	 16.7     The TJX Companies, Inc. 	 16.5     LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 	 16.2     Invitation Homes Inc. 	 16.1     International Business Machines Corporation 	 16.0     Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 	 16.0     J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 	 16.0     EQT Corporation 	 15.8     Diamondback Energy, Inc. 	 15.6     Charter Communications, Inc. 	 15.5     Church &amp; Dwight Co., Inc. 	 15.3     First Solar, Inc. 	 15.1     The Cooper Companies, Inc. 	 14.9     BlackRock, Inc. 	 14.8     Discover Financial Services 	 14.7     Fortive Corporation 	 14.7     Otis Worldwide Corporation 	 14.4     Franklin Resources, Inc. 	 14.4     The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 	 14.4     Textron Inc. 	 14.0     Marsh &amp; McLennan Companies, Inc. 	 13.9     Aflac Incorporated 	 13.9     Dover Corporation 	 13.8     Citigroup Inc. 	 13.8     Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 	 13.7     Caesars Entertainment, Inc. 	 13.4     CoStar Group, Inc. 	 13.3     Waste Management, Inc. 	 13.3     Ball Corporation 	 13.2     IQVIA Holdings Inc. 	 13.2     Edison International 	 13.0     HCA Healthcare, Inc. 	 13.0     Monster Beverage Corporation 	 13.0     T-Mobile US, Inc. 	 12.8     Ventas, Inc. 	 12.7     HP Inc. 	 12.5     Weyerhaeuser Company 	 12.1     DuPont de Nemours, Inc. 	 12.1     Avery Dennison Corporation 	 12.0     Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. 	 12.0     The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 	 12.0     DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. 	 11.9     Electronic Arts Inc. 	 11.9     Lowe's Companies, Inc. 	 11.9     CSX Corporation 	 11.8     McDonald's Corporation 	 11.8     O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. 	 11.7     Eastman Chemical Company 	 11.4     Walmart Inc. 	 11.3     Nordson Corporation 	 11.1     United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 	 10.7     Dow Inc. 	 10.6     Teledyne Technologies Incorporated 	 10.5     The Home Depot, Inc. 	 10.3     PG&amp;E Corporation 	 10.3     Morgan Stanley 	 10.2     American Airlines Group Inc. 	 9.98     Wynn Resorts, Limited 	 9.89     Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. 	 9.61     Extra Space Storage Inc. 	 9.45     DexCom, Inc. 	 9.26     Amgen Inc. 	 9.1     Public Storage 	 8.95     Jacobs Solutions Inc. 	 8.4     Mondelez International, Inc. 	 8.34     Universal Health Services, Inc. 	 8.32     Molina Healthcare, Inc. 	 8.06     ONEOK, Inc. 	 8.04     Zebra Technologies Corporation 	 7.56     Gen Digital Inc. 	 7.33     Regency Centers Corporation 	 7.31     General Motors Company 	 7.25     Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 	 7.08     Fifth Third Bancorp 	 6.89     Ford Motor Company 	 6.53     The Williams Companies, Inc. 	 6.47     Omnicom Group Inc. 	 6.22     American International Group, Inc. 	 6.18     Boston Properties, Inc. 	 6.14     MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 	 6.07     Medtronic plc 	 6.05     Raymond James Financial, Inc. 	 5.91     Cisco Systems, Inc. 	 5.88     Everest Group, Ltd. 	 5.86     Trimble Inc. 	 5.48     The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 	 5.46     International Paper Company 	 5.31     Coterra Energy Inc. 	 5.13     Equity Residential 	 4.86     Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 	 4.82     Hess Corporation 	 4.77     eBay Inc. 	 4.61     Prudential Financial, Inc. 	 4.38     AutoZone, Inc. 	 4.34     The Walt Disney Company 	 4.03     Valero Energy Corporation 	 3.91     General Dynamics Corporation 	 3.76     Federal Realty Investment Trust 	 3.73     Texas Instruments Incorporated 	 3.64     Constellation Brands, Inc. 	 3.61     Xylem Inc. 	 3.45     Atmos Energy Corporation 	 3.44     Paychex, Inc. 	 3.04     Ulta Beauty, Inc. 	 3.03     Kimco Realty Corporation 	 2.79     Leidos Holdings, Inc. 	 2.5     American Tower Corporation 	 2.29     Bunge Global SA 	 2.25     Bank of America Corporation 	 2.17     Yum! Brands, Inc. 	 2.15     Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 	 2.14     The Allstate Corporation 	 2.06     Emerson Electric Co. 	 1.6     The Kroger Co. 	 1.41     Mohawk Industries, Inc. 	 1.37     Bath &amp; Body Works, Inc. 	 1.35     Catalent, Inc. 	 1.09     Las Vegas Sands Corp. 	 0.978     The Clorox Company 	 0.969     Chubb Limited 	 0.947     L3Harris Technologies, Inc. 	 0.807     U.S. Bancorp 	 0.757     Globe Life Inc. 	 0.664     The Travelers Companies, Inc. 	 0.603     State Street Corporation 	 0.516     ConocoPhillips 	 0.415     Colgate-Palmolive Company 	 0.393     Teleflex Incorporated 	 0.353     Cincinnati Financial Corporation 	 0.352     Dollar Tree, Inc. 	 0.283     Invesco Ltd. 	 0.278     Pioneer Natural Resources Company 	 0.193     VeriSign, Inc. 	 0.151  ,;,; 2023-12-29 00:10:01]
[From Beaks to Bytes: Genetic Algorithms in Trading, Investing, and Finance,;,; While the buzz on social media might lead you to believe that Artificial Intelligence is all about chatbots and automated text completion, the reality is far more complex and intriguing. Major tech giants like Microsoft, Google, and OpenAI might have popularized language models, but AI’s capabilities stretch far beyond being a glorified typing assistant. It encompasses a rich tapestry of fields, from reinforcement learning to specialized search algorithms.As someone rooted in the world of biology, I’m captivated by a lesser-known but incredibly powerful area of AI: genetic optimization. In layman’s terms, imagine a computer algorithm that evolves and adapts just like species in the natural world. Sounds intriguing, right? This article aims to break down this complex topic into bite-sized information, suitable for anyone — even if you’re neither a biologist nor a financial wizard. We’ll also enrich this explanation with concrete examples to help you see these algorithms in action.  # From Finch Beaks to Financial Peaks: Understanding Genetic Algorithms  Remember high school biology where you learned about Charles Darwin and his theory of natural selection? Darwin studied finches in the Galápagos Islands and noticed that they had different beak shapes, each finely tuned for their specific diets — some for cracking seeds, others for sipping nectar, and yet others for capturing insects. Over time, the finches with the most useful beak shapes survived and had baby finches, passing along their “winning” traits.  In the realm of computational science, particularly in the domain of optimizing algorithms, a similar evolutionary process takes place through a methodology known as genetic optimization. Imagine you are developing an algorithm to forecast stock market behavior. Various iterations of your algorithm demonstrate distinct strengths: some may excel in volatile environments, while others may be optimized for long-term trends. Genetic optimization acts as the computational equivalent of the Galápagos Islands; it identifies the top-performing strategies and combines their most effective features to create a new generation of even more robust algorithms.  # The Six Pillars of Genetic Optimization: A Biological Symphony in Code  Imagine you’re on the Galápagos Islands, watching a group of finches go about their lives. Some have beaks crafted for nectar sipping, while others have sturdy beaks perfect for cracking seeds. These distinct features aren’t random; they’re survival tactics, granting each bird access to a specific food source. Now, consider a finch family with both long and short-beaked parents. They have four chicks, and by a stroke of genetic fortune, one inherits a beak even longer than her long-beaked parent. This unique feature gives her exclusive access to deeper flowers, while her siblings with mid-length beaks struggle to specialize in either nectar or seeds. In this harsh survival game, her specialized feature gives her the upper hand. Yep, it’s survival of the fittest, Darwin-style.When we think of genetic optimization, we’re essentially talking about a six-step process, repeated over and over until we achieve our optimal solution. These steps are:  1. **Initialization**: Setting the Population and Fitness Metrics 2. **Selection**: Choosing the Fittest Candidates 3. **Crossover**: Mixing Traits (Recombination) 4. **Mutation**: Introducing Random Changes 5. **Evaluation**: Assessing the New Generation 6. **Replacement**: Swapping Out the Old for the New  In this exploration, we’ll delve into each of these pillars to understand how the age-old wisdom of biology serves as the muse for modern algorithmic optimization. Each of these steps, intricately modeled after natural processes, works in concert to refine and evolve our algorithms toward the pinnacle of performance.  **Initialization: The Genesis of Algorithmic Optimization**  In the natural world, every ecosystem begins with a diverse population — be it finches on an island, bacteria in a petri dish, or whales in the ocean. In the realm of computing, our “population” is what we aim to optimize, and it’s often encoded as a string of numbers.Consider the world of algorithmic trading: we kick-start the process with a variety of trading portfolio strategies. Some might be conservative, triggering stop losses at a mere -3% and aiming for gains at +3%. Others might be more adventurous, with stop losses set at -30% and profits at +30%. These different portfolios make up our initial population.  After we have an entire population, we’ll convert each of our portfolios into an array of numbers. This is especially important for later parts of the algorithm like selection and mutation.  [We create many variations of a portfolio, then convert them into an array or tree-like structure](  After we have our population of individuals, we need to decide what it means to be a “fit” individual. For algorithmic trading, one way we can do this is by running trading simulations or backtests. We can then use the performance of the backtest and optimize for certain metrics, like sharpe ratio, percent change, or drawdown.  [We can optimize for different metrics, including percent change, maximum drawdown, and sharpe ratio.](  **Selection and Crossover — How our strategies “breed”**  Just as nature selects the fittest organisms to carry on their genes, so does our algorithm pick the best portfolios for the next generation. Though selection can be random, more often, it leans towards those that are ‘fit,’ or in our case, portfolios that perform well based on our chosen metrics.For the sake of simplicity, we’ll say individuals in a population mate at random. In our portfolio example, that means taking a random pair from the population and combining their genetic information.  [Two common forms of Crossover are “Random Crossover” and N-Point Crossover. The important thing here is that an offspring that looks like both parents is generated](  We perform this crossover operation tens, hundreds, or thousands of times. One common heuristic is to generate a new population that’s the same size as the old population. With that, we’ve now doubled our population size. Incredible!  **Mutation — Introducing Variation in the Population**  Let’s return to our Galápagos finches. Mutations in their genetic code might lead to subtle changes in beak size or shape. Most of these changes may be inconsequential or even detrimental. But every so often, a mutation could result in a beak perfectly suited for a previously untapped food source, allowing a finch lineage to dominate a new ecological niche.In the algorithmic world, mutations serve a similar disruptive yet constructive purpose. They introduce randomness into the genetic optimization process, helping to avoid local minima and explore the vast landscape of possible solutions. Just like biological mutations, algorithmic mutations can sometimes produce undesirable outcomes. However, on occasion, they can bring forth truly ingenious solutions that would not have been achievable through conventional methods. For example, in an algorithm designed for trading, a mutation might alter the parameters used to calculate the optimal point to buy or sell a stock. While this change may initially appear random and potentially harmful, it could unlock a strategy that significantly outperforms its predecessors.In practice, a mutation is typically performed by altering one or more elements in the array that represents a portfolio or any other object of optimization. The extent and impact of this mutation can vary widely. A “soft” mutation might involve the adjustment of a single parameter, such as the percentage at which a stop-loss order is triggered. In contrast, a “hard” mutation could involve significant alterations to multiple elements in the array, akin to a large-scale genetic mutation in a biological context. It is worth noting that the absence of physical constraints in the computational domain allows for a greater range of possible mutations compared to biological systems.  [A mutation alters the offspring in some way that’s distinct from characteristics of their parents](  Both in nature and in algorithms, mutations serve as one of the critical mechanisms for driving evolutionary progress, pushing boundaries both in the organic and digital realms.  **Evaluation and Replacement**  In biological ecosystems like Darwin’s Galápagos Islands, the process of evaluation is a relentless one, executed by the natural environment. Those organisms ill-suited to their surroundings — such as finches with beak shapes that do not facilitate efficient foraging — find their survival and reproductive prospects severely compromised. Conversely, organisms exhibiting advantageous traits not only survive but also pass these traits to subsequent generations, contributing to the evolutionary success of their lineage.Drawing a parallel to algorithmic trading, the evaluation phase serves a comparable function. Here, each portfolio, optimized for particular market conditions, undergoes an exhaustive evaluation process. This involves running a series of backtests and simulations that quantify their performance based on specific metrics such as the Sharpe ratio, percent change, and maximum drawdown. These metrics function as the ‘fitness criteria,’ allowing us to identify which portfolios are most capable of meeting or exceeding predetermined trading objectives.  [We convert the child back to a portfolio and evaluate its performance](  Upon the completion of the crossover and mutation stages, the newly created ‘child’ portfolios are reintroduced into the existing population. Each member of this augmented population is then evaluated based on the aforementioned performance metrics. Subsequently, the entire population is sorted in descending order of their fitness scores. To maintain population size and focus the evolutionary pressure, the least fit individuals are culled, leaving a new generation of portfolios that is incrementally superior to its predecessor.  [Evaluate the performance of all portfolios in the population, then retain only the top-performing ones, thus ensuring that each new generation is more fit than the last.](  # Conclusion: Bridging Biology and Algorithmic Trading through Genetic Optimization  Artificial Intelligence is undeniably a multifaceted discipline that transcends mere language models or data classifiers. It is an embodiment of our drive to replicate and even surpass the efficiencies and wisdom found in nature. Genetic optimization serves as a striking testament to this truth, translating the principles of biological evolution into computational practices that refine and optimize algorithmic systems.Leveraging genetic optimization in the world of algorithmic trading offers us a cutting-edge approach to navigating the complex, dynamic landscape of the financial markets. Like Darwin’s finches, our trading algorithms evolve, adapt, and improve over time, driven by the unyielding forces of simulated natural selection. This technology, much like nature itself, offers no guarantees, but it does provide a framework for sustainable development and, potentially, remarkable innovation.Through the six pillars — Initialization, Selection, Crossover, Mutation, Evaluation, and Replacement — we’ve looked at how the science of genetics can inform and enrich our algorithms. Each pillar not only simulates a specific aspect of the natural evolutionary process but also serves as a critical component in our quest for computational excellence.For those of us who bridge disparate fields like biology and finance, the application of genetic optimization to algorithmic trading is more than just a technical achievement. It’s an exciting symbiosis of natural wisdom and artificial intelligence, and a potent reminder that in the world of AI, the possibilities are as limitless as evolution itself.  Thanks for reading!,;,; 2023-09-23 19:51:58]
[MSFT still a high growth investment?,;,; Reuters just [reported]( a significant AI breakthrough connected to Sam Altman’s recent drama. Based on this, do you think MSFT still has significant growth potential, considering the recent growth in the stock’s value and the company’s big stake in Open AI? Or is it already priced in and not a good buy right now?,;,; 2023-11-23 01:44:53]
[MSFT Freezes salaries for FET's,;,; [   According to an internal email MSFT will not give salary increases to  FTE's this year and has made it harder to get higher bonuses and stock  awards.  This basically reverses the salary bump they offered to FTE's  last year.  The move was likely taken to stave off further layoffs which  have deeply hit the tech sector this past year.,;,; 2023-05-10 16:50:57]
[Beating on the next AAPL/MSFT,;,; I’ve been thinking about gambling on new AI companies that are just starting out with lots of risk and huge potential upside.   Apple’s all time gain is roughly 167,000%; Microsoft’s is roughly 406,000%.  According to a quick Wikipedia search, roughly 135 computer companies were founded between 1975 and 1980. This includes AAPL and MSFT. 2/135 is roughly 1.5%.  Let’s say I took $1000 and divided it among 100 companies just starting out in AI at $10 each. Then I hold for 40 years and watch most go bankrupt. If 1 of them is the next Apple then $10 turns into $1.7mil.  Convince me not to!  Note: This post is just theoretical. I thought it would be an interesting discussion topic. I mostly value invest or buy VOO.,;,; 2024-02-16 06:20:22]
[ATVI / MSFT Merger “failure”,;,; On July 18 the merger between Activision and Microsoft will fail due to the deadline being July 18 but they are not scheduled for their FTC hearing until August. There is a 3 billion dollar “breakup fee” in case of the deal failing. My personal opinion is that they will cut a new deal.  Is there any precedent of this happening in the past?  Or is the breakup fee still required to be paid out if a new deal is struck?,;,; 2023-06-13 13:37:33]
[Looking for advice on "taking money off the table" from MSFT position,;,; I started building a position in Microsoft beginning in March 2020 and I am currently up 94%. I'm 37, I am fairly disciplined in my investment strategies, I play the long game, I automate and dollar cost average, etc etc. I plan to own Microsoft for a long time, and I wouldn't freak out if the market tanked tomorrow or something (I would keep automating and DCA).  BUT! Should I stay in my position and just keep setting and forgetting, or should I take some of the profits? Is so, about how much? And, do I use those funds to continue to buy MSFT or what?   Thanks for any thoughts you have!,;,; 2024-02-08 16:40:46]
[Will $AMZN, $MSFT and $GOOG follow $BABA and split into independent companies?,;,; Alibaba did a smart move (in my opinion), splitting into independent companies. I believe it's a healthier model that will increase efficiency drastically.  Question remains, are we going to see the bluechip companies follow this model, just like they followed Twitter's layoffs. If so, would you say it's going to be soon?,;,; 2023-03-29 07:46:29]
[I gave my 10-year-old grandson $500 to invest in September last year. One year later, here’s how his stock picks turned out.,;,; Here’s how he invested his $500:     * $100 into Apple (AAPL) **– UP 8.52%** * $100 into Microsoft (MSFT) **– UP 25.62%** * $100 into GLDB ETF **– UP 1.87%** * $125 into ATRFX Mutual Fund **– UP 25.38%** * $75 into Starbucks (SBUX) **– UP 10.34%**  Overall, my grandson is up nearly 15% in the last year (vs the S&amp;P 500’s 10%).   How do you think he did? Should I take all my investment advice from him?,;,; 2023-09-14 15:19:27]
[Where to find the guidance for MSFT and GOOG?,;,; Do you know where I could find the guidance for the next quarter for MSFT and GOOG? Possibly with comments, because I might not be able to decrypt corporate speak? I would only like to know if it sounds bright or bleak.  It seems to me that MoM inflation is going up again (at least according to the Cleveland Fed's nowcasting), possibly because of the oil production cuts voted for at the latest OPEC+ meeting, so I would like to see how the economists of the big tech companies feel about the near future.,;,; 2023-04-26 06:14:49]
[Investing in a MSFT 2041 dated bond vs. BND,;,; I've read a lot about reducing bond exposure due to us being in a rising interest rate environment (bonds lose value as rates go up).   Instead of allocating 40% of my portfolio in something like BND, would it be insane to just park it in a MSFT bond that has a guaranteed rate of return (barring MSFT going bankrupt before 2041)?  The bond has a YTM of 4.387% and is non-callable.   My gut tells me this is an insane idea, but I'm not able to pinpoint why exactly. Is lack of diversification risk the main problem? Any help is appreciated. ,;,; 2023-07-03 19:48:26]
[UK regulator blocks Microsoft’s acquisition of "Call of Duty" maker Activision Blizzard,;,;   I saw this being discussed in a non-investing sub, was curious to see what people here think. I'm a big MSFT fan but not sure what to expect of this news.   MSFT is up 7% and ATVI is down 11% at the time of me posting.  Additional articles with mostly same info:     2023-04-26 14:58:56]
[I took too long to move my MSFT stocks and now I don't know if I should wait after the weekend to buy.,;,; I had my stocks in eToro and decided to move them over to another app this week. The funds took a couple of days to transfer and I was planning on buying MSFT today but the market just closed. I could just open a purchase order for tomorrow morning but I'm usually cautious about buying stocks on earnings call day.   Any advice?,;,; 2024-01-25 22:21:48]
[What stock have you lost the most money on (realized or unrealized or both),;,; I’ll go first. For me it’s Tesla. I always seem to buy right before a 30% drop and sell right before it goes on a run. I’m not as confident in TSLA long term as say NVDA or MSFT. This leads me to jump in and out more than I normally would. TSLA has never been a huge percentage of my portfolio so the loses haven’t been crazy but that’s definitely my biggest turd.,;,; 2024-02-09 20:36:01]
[Last Christmas I had my 12 year old sister pick stocks and matched what she contributed. Moving forward, I'm deferring all of my stock picks to her.,;,; Here's what she started with: - $60 AAPL - $50 MSFT - $40 AMZN - $30 SBUX - $20 LULU  I contributed one share of apple in February for her birthday.   Year to date, she is up 31.57%, more than twice the performance of the S&amp;P 500. I'm only up 10%. I quit.,;,; 2023-08-23 18:03:36]
[Pick your 5 growth stocks for 2024,;,; What are your 5 growth stock picks for 2024? About 50% of my portfolio will be S&amp;P500 for steadiness and diversification. But I like to add in some single stocks to give a little more growth. We can look back at this post in 1 year and see how our picks played out. My picks are MSFT, INTC, COST, TT, ODFL. And my wildcard would be COKE. I think tech is still going to reign supreme, but the Fed will be the main driver of market action depending on their rate decisions.,;,; 2023-12-30 13:51:38]
[The biggest lesson that I've learned in my 10 year investing career.,;,; Why do companies like $WMT $COST $AMZN and $MSFT just keep on outperforming over time?  Culture.  They are perpetual innovation machines.  Sometimes, their culture goes astray but eventually it gets fixed.  When culture goes south, the company goes south.  When it gets fixed, the company goes back to doing well.  Culture is a result of a series of excellent organizational properties.  All companies that I own that have an excellent culture (which again, is a condensation of many aspects) just continue doing well.  Those that do not, eventually turn into losers.  Take $MSFT for instance.  The stock was flat from the year 2000 to the year 2014.  Why? Because Steve Ballmer operated a culture that sucked.  High in politics, low in innovation.  People were scared to fail, so no one shared ideas.  Good news moved fast around the company. Bad news, not so much.  Then came Satya and totally transformed the culture.  $MSFT shifted to being low in politics, high in meritocracy.  High in individual courage. Courage to innovate, share ideas and fail over and over until success comes.  Decentralized operations. Bad news now move around the company just as fast as good news.  All of a sudden, the company is now an unstoppable innovation machine.  Don't believe me? Read Satya's shareholder letters.  Read Jeff Bezos' work.  Read Sam Walton's work.  They all understand/understood this.  They all think the same and their organizations are fundamentally the same.  They are perpetual innovation machines and that is why the keep on outperforming, against all odds.,;,; 2023-12-23 11:55:36]
[Is there any benefit in investing In both Index ETF’s and individual stocks?,;,; Is there any benefit in investing In both Index ETF’s and individual stocks?     I already started DCA buying fractional shares of $VOO, $QQQM, and eventually $VEU/$VXUS .. will it benefit me if I decide to start investing in stocks like $AAPL $MSFT $LLY or $GOOGL $NVDA ? (23yo),;,; 2023-07-18 13:31:04]
[Did the era of cheap money create new monopoly?,;,; It may not seem relevant to investing but here we go.   Back in the days, Rocketfeller was broken into smaller companies due to its monopoly on oil.   Nowadays I’ve heard that there are only three companies that control meat processing. The eyeglasses sector is pretty much consolidated.  MSFT and Meta took over a lot of small companies. There were used to be 200 defense contract companies. But now it’s down to six.   I wonder if these mergers and acquisitions has happened due to cheap,  zero percent interest rate borrowing.   If this trend continues, it’s no brainer to buy mega caps that have major market share over  many different sectors.   Any thought?  Ps. Just to add a few addition info here.  I’m in healthcare. Last 10 yr, all the healthcare field (optometry, physical therapy, chiropractor, vet medicine, dentistry, etc) has been heavily penetrated by PE. The funny thing is that some of the offices were bleeding money crazy but I feel like they are there to dominate the market share thanks to cheap money.   Uber is another example. it had been bleeding money and subsidizing crazy. Now it has raised fare significantly.   Correct me if I’m wrong. I’m not super knowledgeable ,;,; 2023-11-04 20:19:41]
[Calculating Net Investment/ACB,;,; Anyone else do this or find logic in this ideology to keep track of their net investments or am I just misleading myself.  E.g.  I just sold a portion of my apple shares (35 shares) in which I had at an ACB of $95. Equals about $3,330 net investment  The proceeds of the sale at current price ($190) was about $6,600  I used that $6,600 to buy 16 MSFT and 1 AMD. If I now want to note my ACB’s for sake of my net investments I used the $3,330 number as my investment so the breakdown is as follows  16 MSFT = about $3,240 = $202/share 1 AMD = about $90/share  MSFT trading at $410 AMD trading at $178  Essentially since I didn’t add any new cash, and used my gains from Apple would it make sense to use the $202 and $90 as my share values.  Of course on my actual brokerage app it would show ACB according to current market price, this is more for the sake of my own records to know what i’ve put in as net investments.  Thanks!,;,; 2024-01-30 16:08:59]
[Not understanding this wash sale,;,; So my portfolio is mainly just Microsoft stock (MSFT). I recently sold some stock that was long (i.e. bought over a year ago). I haven't recently bought MSFT stock so I have no idea why I'm seeing a wash sale:    Also, I have no idea why the cost basis is $359, MSFT hasn't been that high in 3 years, and I suspect it's never been that high,;,; 2023-06-09 14:08:10]
[Let's discuss QQQM performance,;,; QQQM (&amp; QQQ) have been performing better than the S&amp;P500 in 2023. Since Technology makes up 50% of QQQM, is it safe to say that QQQM performance is driven mainly by the technology sector?  And if you compare it to VGT's performance, which is 100% technology, you will see that the correlation is almost identical while VGT has out performed QQQM. VGT is 50% Apple, Microsoft, and Nvidia.   If you make up a portfolio of Apple+Microsoft+nvidia, you will see a matching correlation again with VGT and QQQM only an even higher performance than VGT.  Can we conclude: Apple/MSFT/NVD &gt; VGT &gt; QQQM ?  And if one is chasing the QQQM performance, they're better off just buying  Apple/MSFT/NVD ?,;,; 2024-01-10 17:42:12]
[Investing in AI Companies,;,; We all know the buzz around AI, and with the biggest competitor not being public, I’m curious of you alls opinions of: 1. Would you invest in a AI based company? Why or why most? 2. What is your opinion on some of the hottest AI companies that are public? I know there’s MSFT etc, but I like a little more risk if possible.,;,; 2023-11-26 17:14:22]
[I’m 26, should I withdraw my 401k?,;,; Balance of about 16k from previous employer, should i withdraw and put into a brokerage and invest in the AMZN’s, MSFT’s and TSLA’s of the market, for more access to capital in the future? Would receive about 10-11k after taxes and penalties. Or should I leave and let compound. Also have a capital loss carryover for the year of 3k, would that benefit a withdrawal when it comes to taxes?,;,; 2023-12-14 19:43:11]
[Poor entry into market, DCA or hold?,;,; Just started investing over the summer, bought VTI and MSFT. It seems I bought at the height, I DCA'd over the course of  two months to a point where I was comfortable with the amount I had invested. Now with the poor market performance this last month I am wondering if I should invest additional funds that I was not planning on investing right away or just continue to DCA every month with my net income. Im trying not to be emotional about my losses but this does seem like a good buying opportunity.  Just looking for some advice.,;,; 2023-09-26 17:36:47]
[Investing to prepare for generative AI?,;,; What are your thoughts on investing for the coming AI wave? The technology is pretty incredible and almost guaranteed to significantly impact a huge swath of jobs. If unemployment spikes and UBI becomes a real thing, where is the best place for your money? (I am looking for answers a little better than "msft/goog").,;,; 2023-03-26 22:55:07]
[Stocks to buy right now? via Investors.com,;,; These are the top 5 stocks to buy now according to [Investors.com](   MSFT: Stock found support just below the 21 day exponential moving average and its now above the the standard. Stock is also seeing its 50 day line continue to move higher.   SNOW: Posted multiple quarters of triple digit or better earnings growth in fiscal 2023.   SPOT: Making steady gains since it posted a surprise profit in the third quarter.   NVO: EPS rating of 97 out of 99. Earnings up 22% so far in 2024.   DKNG: The stock has been surging since Jan 11th (launch of its sportsbook in Vermont) now the 26th state DK operates in.   Not posting this to say you should buy this stocks but instead wanted some different opinions before I purchased any of them myself. Currently have shares in MSFT and SPOT. Not as familiar with the other 3. If you have any insight into any of these stocks please share! ,;,; 2024-01-24 17:19:20]
[Does it make sense to build the portfolio according to the sharpe ratio?,;,; I built my portfolio to optimize the sharpe ratio using this website: [  From 2012 to 2024.  Here is best possible optimized portfolio I get:  25% NVDA  25% SCHD  30% MSFT  Do you think this metric makes sense?  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2024-02-19 10:27:47]
[What to add to my AI portfolio?,;,; I've got low-7 figures in AI so far ($2m'ish). Trying to decide between buying more NVDA or diversifying further. My current share-only weighting is:  5% INTC   10% AMD   10% AMZN   15% GOOGL   20% MSFT   40% NVDA  I've also got a bunch ($200k'ish) of OTM Jan 24 and Jan 25 calls.  NVDA $500c's   MSFT $375c's   GOOGL $155c's   AMD $175c's  My intuition is telling my just plow the rest of my cash into NVDA. I've thought about adding some 'AI Thematic' ETFs like BOTZ, ROBO, TINY, WTAI (basically anything with high NVDA holdings).  What companies am I missing. My thinking is the larger players have cemented their leadership mostly due to the massive resources/capacity required for AI. Any other companies that have a seat at the table?,;,; 2023-05-18 13:05:44]
[Long Term Stock Picks to Hold Forever,;,; I’ve got a bit of a windfall coming from the sale of a rental property and I’m trying to decide where to invest the proceeds.  My ideal hold time for a stock is forever.  I’m looking for your thoughts on individual companies that are well positioned to take advantage of new trends in technology.    I’ve already got substantial positions in MSFT, APPL, NVDA, GOOG, and AMZN so I feel like I don’t need to invest any more in the magnificent 7.  A few other notes, unlike to stay out of cyclical stocks like banking and energy and speculative biotech is an absolute no go.  What are some of your ideas?,;,; 2024-01-17 22:58:33]
[What US taxes are US non residents required to pay for owning or selling stocks of US companies?,;,; So, the question is in the title. I am a non US resident and I have recently bought some stocks of US companies (TSLA, AAPL, MSFT, AMZN, NFLX..) and plan on buying more.   What US taxes, if any, I am required to pay for owning or when selling these stocks?  Edit: I am in a country that does not have a tax treaty with the US.,;,; 2023-11-26 01:11:35]
[How would you spend $1500 if you regularly forget stocks exist for months at a time? How do you decide which stocks are to be held and which losses cut?,;,; My first daliance into this was during covid and I just used analyst recs (Td Ameritrade, motley fool, etc), what the news mentioned, meme stocks and past 6 month movement then forgot it existed for a couple yrs. This time, I want to do it better. I got a couple Amazon just after they split the stocks cause it's amazon (no reason it'll go sideways and if it got expensive after previous splits, it likely has the protocols/processes/structure/whatever to do it again), a couple JD because analysts (Td ameritrade, motley fool, etc--I'm selling it cause it just loses for me and I need a different way to eval stocks) and a couple Verizon because dividend. This is all low amounts cause student life. Now, I'm thinking of adding $450ish to amazon and splitting the rest between VOO and MSFT. The goal is to just get one of each so when I get an income in July, I can just add to what I have instead of seeking other stocks cause I likely won't have time to do that with any consistency until 2025 earliest. ,;,; 2024-01-02 15:11:29]
[Compare these two breakdowns for long term Roth IRA,;,; Hello  I was presented the following stock breakdowns for my Roth IRA when I asked two different friends. The first one says 40% VOO 25% VTI 25% SCHD 10% JEPQ. The other says 25% AAPL 15% VOO 10% VTI 10% XOM 15% MSFT 15% AMZN 10% NVDA/AMD. What do you think about these breakdowns? Which would you choose? I don't want a ton of micro management with my Roth IRA.,;,; 2023-12-16 08:09:30]
[25m need guidance to implement dividends stocks/Etfs in my portfolio,;,; Hello,        I have already a growth oriented portfolio and i wanted to diversify my strategy a bit by including:        Coca cola, MSFT, SP 500 ARISTROCRATS ETF and vanguard FTSE all world high dividend yield ETF.        What do you think? my broker app is DEGIRO.,;,; 2023-07-29 20:40:20]
[AMD and its (impressive?) P/E ratio,;,; I have a watchlist of 8 tech stocks and I was comparing the P/E ratios.  I see AMDs is largely out of place @ 1,084.39.  The other 7 (APPL, NVDA, GOOG, NVDA, TSLA, META, MSFT) and on average their P/E ratio is 48 (26:78).  So what gives?  Online I am reading that P/E is a gauge of investor sentiment on future growth in earning potential and is calculated based on prior 12 months of earnings.  AMDs P/E seems remarkable by comparison.  Does this not indicate that AMD is overbought?  edit: I was considering AMD for investment, given recent company news and its momentum has largely been positive over the long-term.  This number stands out to me, and it isn't a positive indicator in my mind.  Looking to reconcile my opinion after hearing some of yours - thanks!,;,; 2023-12-08 12:30:33]
[How diversified is too diversified?,;,; I just analyzed my portfolio. I'm 95% in index funds (15% international, the rest split between small, mid, and large cap growth and value) and 5% in ARK funds. By looking at the top 30 holdings of each of the funds I own, I have calculated that my 2 largest single stock positions are AAPL and MSFT, both less than 2%. No other single stock is even 1% of my portfolio.      One goal as an index fund investor was to be as diversified as possible, and it seems that I have achieved that. But now 70% of my portfolio is held in very tiny slices of companies spread across the world, none of which appear in the top 30 holdings of any of the funds I own. Hmm. Good or bad? ,;,; 2023-12-15 18:46:28]
[Thoughts on indv stocks vs etf,;,; Hello, l've been wondering whether or not it would be better to hold amazon which is about 50% of my brokerage with msft (separate from my roth IRA which is sofi with sfy), nothing too extravagent mind you as I just started this year more seriously, up around 10%. I've been debating whether to lump it into an etf voo, vti, schd etc. Just so I can get some return and growth albeit slow. Thanks for any thoughts.,;,; 2024-01-01 20:33:47]
[Advice for diversifying portfolio,;,; I recently started investing in stocks I understood and analysed myself by consistently DCAing every week for the past year.     Currently, my portfolio is:   TSLA = 11.90%   AAPL = 28.78%   AMZN = 15.18%   GOOGL = 8.33%   MSFT = 24.65%   INTC = 11.17%   KO = 1.43%     My problem is, I understand these stocks and trust these companies. But I know that I should be more diverse with investments. Would it be wise to sell and reinvest into different industries or maintain these positions and start growing others in different industries?   ,;,; 2023-12-22 10:05:56]
[Rate my portfolio. 12% annualized return over 5 years.,;,; Been investing for 5 years. Annualized Rate of Return of 12%. Was close to 18% until last year and we all know what happened.  - 40% VTI because I believe in diversification - 30% Big Tech because I believe in aggregation theory (MSFT, APPL, AMZN, BRKB) - 10% YOLO because I like to gamble (RKLB, ENPH, SNOW, NET, ILMN, ENVX, CCJ) - 5% PLTR because I work in data and they represent the greatest threat to my salary - 5% PSLDX in my Roth because fuck it (Long Stock/Bond 2x Leveraged ETF) - 10% Cash for dips (SGOV, SNSXX)  Sold GOOG, NVDA, TSLA, META, TSM on Monday.  Would like to hear what you think about these positions. Am I too concentrated in tech? Too little cash given the interest rate?   Open to share my rationale for each by request.,;,; 2023-06-28 01:40:38]
[Growth stocks that resist tech swings,;,; 30% of my one portfolio is in MSFT, AVGO, NVDA, AAPL and META.  Other parts are some dividend payers.  Again, this is a small play portfolio.  I’ve noticed that because of my tech holdings I swing real nice when the market is up, but on so/so days like today I’m up .21% rather than the S&amp;P’s .35%(as of this post).  What are some stocks you guys like that are good growth or compounding machines that aren’t tech that are responsible for holding up the S&amp;P despite some of the tech sector being down?  TYIA.,;,; 2023-12-19 18:30:29]
[Is a potential breakthrough in AI research/application going to be reflected in S&amp;P 500?,;,; With AI being the new hot topic out there, we see so many companies investing a lot of resources in R&amp;D hoping for a big breakthrough. While it is normal to see emerging companies being innovative and investors looking for opportunities, it can also be seen that companies such as MSFT, GOOGL, AAPL, AMZN are heavily invested into the idea, particularly MSFT with its continuous investment into OpenAI.  I don't see AI being an investment fad, for a lack of a better term, like it can be argued that blockchain, cryptocurrencies or NFTs were at some point. With that, I am mostly referring to ordinary investors that would invest in such assets on a long-term basis rather than traders looking for large returns with any of the financial instruments at their disposal.  Given the fact that the companies mentioned above already represent a fair share of the S&amp;P 500 index, is it safe to assume that any potential global breakthrough in AI is going to affect the value of any relevant ETFs since we do not know which of those major companies is going to be the first/best to reap the benefits of AI? Or the more risky approach of picking stocks like MSFT and emerging companies is more likely to be more profitable?  Some may argue that a breakthrough in AI R&amp;D is imminent but that it might actually result in a dot-com bubble-like crash because the current market prices have already factored in the expectation of larger returns which may or may not actually happen with AI.  In a nutshell, can S&amp;P 500 ETF investing reap the benefits of a potential AI revolution or investors still have to take the risk and pick individual stocks? Can a crash of S&amp;P 500 value be expected because some sectors could potentially lose value with AI or the prices are already too ambitious with some expectations on AI?,;,; 2023-05-12 04:59:05]
[Vice investing, help my portfolio of Evil,;,; I've had my ROTH IRA be all about bad for you stocks and it has done wonderfully. I started with all the cigarette makers, because people, especially teens loved nicotine. As the teens seemed to move on from nicotine and started messing up their lives with video games (saw them lose scholarships, colleges and overall relationships because of it), I divested from tobacco to video games. Pot stocks have done HORRIBLY. But After MSFT bought ATVI, I have some $$ to invest, but I need to find another company to add to my strip clubs, gambling, alcohol, weed and video game portfolio. What do you recommend?,;,; 2023-12-11 21:51:15]
[Is it a mistake to go mostly cash now? Don't feel like much upside from here.,;,; I'm really getting close to going about 70% cash. Presently sitting at about 30%.  All my positions are mostly long and I pay 0% on my long capital gains.  Also, I have 10 years worth of contributions in my roth that I can sell with no tax.  I seriously don't feel like much upside from here   Yeah, maybe I could make a few thousand before another major pullback in February and March, but what's the point?  I realize a lot don't sell due to taxes, but like I said, I don't have that worry so why should I hold and see my gains evaporate and then have no more significant cash to buy if we get some serious sales in February or March like I think we will?    I've been watching Mad Money and Cramer has been saying "you should take some gains cause the big money won't start buying mag 7 till they sell off more"  I think that's true.  I.made really good gains in nvda. I bought in at $144 a year and a half ago and I'm up to $490 a share, but it's been topping at $495 or so and then staying in range.  I've also been heavy msft aapl googl asml and lrcx and have very significant gains.  Don't see any reason that any stocks are going to go higher in the next few months till at least April if that.  Sure, maybe oil and utilities and industrials will go slightly higher but I think big money is waiting for the mag 7s to fall.  Anyone else going heavy cash right now?  Yes I'm an investor, but you have to be smart and to me sitting in the market at a top is not really smart, especially if you can sell with no tax consequences.   Good luck all. We're in this together,;,; 2024-01-06 11:46:49]
[View 3 brokerage accounts in one merged view,;,; I have taxable brokerage accounts as well as IRAs with Interactive Brokers, Vanguard and Robinhood. I want a way to see an overarching view in terms of performance and income etc. This needs to include merging the same stock holdings as for example I might have MSFT in several accounts.   I believe Empower might offer this but any other tools. Ideally a mobile app would also be helpful but not essential.,;,; 2023-11-23 03:58:04]
[Novice Options question: Exercise early or not,;,; So I dabbled in options for the first time this month, three call options and now all three are in the money, $MSFT, $INTC, and $T.  I researched intel and decided that they had a better growth trajectory than $NVDA (whose growth has already happened).     I want to try writing covered calls, which means I need to own the underlying.  Since the option is in the money and I have the cash to exercise, is there any advantage to waiting for the option to be even more in the money or should I exercise early and begin writing covered calls right away.,;,; 2023-11-16 23:42:17]
[Need help diversifying portfolio,;,; I am 27 and I max out my Roth Ira every year and buy 100% VOO. I have some money set aside in my regular brokerage account and was wondering if I should keep investing 100% into VOO or if I should allocate more to individual stocks since my Roth Ira is 100% VOO. I was thinking I should drop money into x% MSFT, x% AMZN, x% GOOG, 50%VOO etc. (Yes I understand there's overlap but I want a higher % in these stocks or should i look into other sectors?)(For context I also have a Roth401k that is contributing about 8%, 4% + 4% into FXAIX)  If anyone has any advice on how to diversify better please let me know or any advice in general I would appreciate it. Thank you for your time,;,; 2024-01-23 02:41:49]
[Where is the love for VUG ?,;,; Vanguards Large Cap Growth Fund or VUG has had an amazing run over the last 10 years but I often don’t hear much about it when people are suggesting funds.  I understand that most of your money should go into a fund like VTI or an S&amp;P 500 type fund but shouldn’t VUG get more love especially with the powers of large cap stocks these days?  Here is a side by side comparison of VTI and VUG        VTI                        VUG 1 year 22.28%           42.25% 5 year 13.44%            17.85% 10 year 11.43%.           14% Expense ratio .03%.     .04%   Another thing to look at is top 10 holdings   VTI.                             VUG AAPL 6.11%.              13% Msft 6%.                    12.77% AMZN 3.04%.           6.46% Nvda 2.5%.                5.31% Googl 1.78%.             3.77% META 1.69%.              3.58% Goog 1.47%.               3.14% Tsla 1.44%.                 3.07% Brk 1.37% Lly 1.07%.                   2.28% V.                                   1.82%   Thoughts on why this fund is not talked about as much as QQQ (also great fund) but qqq has a lot higher expense ratio and less diversification   I’m confused as VUG seems like a fund that is too good to be true and does not get talked about alot,;,; 2024-01-20 17:39:28]
[What's expected to happen during a recession?,;,; I keep hearing the USA is reaching the limits of its debt and layoffs are gonna reach an all time high, but how does this reflect on the value of stocks?  My portfolio mainly consists of the biggest american companies, AAPL, META, MSFT and such, but I'm wondering how can I expect the values to move during a recession, how fast will everything happen, and if I should make movements about it? I'm very inexperienced in the topic.  * Will smaller companies losing significant amounts of money make the biggest ones grow due to occupying more of the relative market? * Will they just go down in value at the same rate as everything else? * Or will they be so big and stable that the most powerful ones will not experience the recession?,;,; 2023-08-10 20:50:31]
[Thoughts on PayPal (PYPL) - A few of my thoughts,;,; Disclaimer: I own PayPal for the past 6 months, average price of 62 dollars, 5000 holdings.   PayPal performance has been horrible in whatever chart we take a look at. YTD, monthly, 6 months...heck, it is trading equal or even lower to its share price back in 2017. What do you guys think about this stock? Is it a buy? Sell?   &amp;#x200B;  My thoughts   \- Although competition is a concern, PayPal is still a solid brand name. Transactional volume still growing.   \- The drop in user count YoY might not be a direct effect of increased competition, but pandemic online shopping has died down.  \- FCF is strong, buybacks &amp; low forward PE.  \- Possible growth stories with Braintree, PayPal buy now pay later &amp; Venmo.  \- New CEO focused on improving profit margins.   \- High single digit growth  \-Decent network effects on both sides  &amp;#x200B;  Overall, I don't think it is the best company in the world, like MSFT, AAPL just to name a few. However, at such prices, I believe it is a good deal for what it is worth. Looking forward to reading some of your thoughts! ,;,; 2023-11-23 16:19:56]
[Help realigning portfolio,;,; Finally have gained control of my IRA after a lengthy divorce   I’m satisfied with most of the stocks but there are some that I should probably dump  Each making up 1% or less of the total; T, TGT GE CLX BA UBER GILD PFE SHEL BMY GEHC  The bulk of my investments  Symbol % of Acct NVDA 9.6% MSFT 9.3% AAPL 7.3% MCD 3.4% AMZN 3.0% AMD 2.0% ORCL 2.0% PG 1.8% VZ 1.8% DUK 1.5% BRK/B 1.5% Sub total43.2%  VOO 1.5% QQQ 1.0% Sub total 2.5%  FAGOX 6.4% FATEX 5.6% FAEGX 4.1% TWHIX 3.3% FDGTX 3.3% POGAX 2.9% PEMGX 1.8% Sub total 27.4%  Cash/HYSA 19%  I’m 70 and have no worries,;,; 2023-11-22 18:45:55]
[What are the benefits to simplifying your holdings?,;,; Hello! Roths are tax advantaged in that (myunderstandingatleast) there isn't any tax loss harvesting. So selling losses won't do anything so does one just leave it and hope for the best or get back what little money there is and buy something else?   Also, if there are only a small handful of shares of a small handful of stocks that have 800% return but only 1% dividends, wouldn't it be better to just sell for the gain and redistribute into a broad index ETF? For example 3 shares of HD, 5 of MSFT, 2 of KO, and 3 of AAPL into VOO or VTI or something? They made huge gains but pay little in dividends so DRIP is basically nonexistent.   Would it be best to let it all ride and just start a new DCA strategy or would a redistribute be a simpler better way? ,;,; 2023-12-18 23:16:54]
[Advice request - Hold ‘em or fold em?,;,; With some shame I admit that I got into investing when the GME GameStop hype was way up. I made some other questionable investments at the time like Match Group (which owns many of the online dating sites), Draft Kings, some ETFs for cannabis, transportation, and clean energy, BYND burger, etc. I’m in the red with one hype stock for $1,432, all the others in red are closer to the $300 range.   The idea was to play the long game, but now I’m not sure if those investments are good for anything even in the long term.  Should I just be patient and see if 10 years brings any changes? Or do any of you recommend that I cut my losses, sell those for what they’re worth, and then plop it into VTSAX or SPY?  I have since gotten wiser and bought into AAPL, MSFT, VOO to mostly set it and forget it.,;,; 2023-11-11 19:41:52]
[Why am I Paying Over Book Value for Berkshire?,;,; As I write this, and thinking of buying Berkshire, the P/B ratio is 1.44.  Shouldn't Berkshire trade at book value, since the valuations of the companies it holds already account for their full discounted cash flows? It's not like MSFT, for example, where it would be absurd to pay only for its assets because its software products allows it to generate cash flows far larger than what its assets would suggest.  Berkshire however, generates ALL its cash flow from its assets - and only its assets. So shouldn't it trade at exactly its book value?,;,; 2023-04-06 16:01:29]
[Tech ETF options to get more exposure in the sector.,;,; If I want to add a little more weight to tech in addition to my total market fund what would be your suggestions? I would want it heavily weighted with MSFT, NVDA, &amp; GOOGL. Basically I’m looking for an alternative to buying those directly with a little more diversity in the sector. VGT is on my radar but just wanted to see what I may be missing.,;,; 2023-07-27 15:34:59]
[Portfolio Diversification Question,;,; I've invested in 3 different ETFs: MGK, VOO, and QQQ. They all differ somewhat, and seem to be good options for short- to medium-term investments, but they all have similar holdings, such as AAPL or MSFT. I also have 2 mutual funds in my portfolio that have completely different holdings, so is this a decenlty diverse portfolio, or should I swap out one of these ETFs (prob MGK) for something in a different sector?,;,; 2023-07-11 21:25:27]
[Seeking Suggestions for my Next Portfolio Allocation Re-balance,;,; Hello There! My current portfolio has 34 positions (I like diversification) from where ten holdings have higher allocation. I would like to mention that these allocations were made using an AI tool which analyzed historical data to generate some predictions. However, I would like some human feedback from all of you. Allocations are the following (I include the Earning YTD percentage as well):     |Company \[Ticket\]|Allocation % in my portfolio|Earning YTD %| |:-|:-|:-| |BlackRock \[BLK\]|24.71%|23.30%| |Apple \[AAPL\]|8.66%|12.54%| |Amazon \[AMZN\]|5.74%|22.03%| |Microsoft \[MSFT\]|4.76%|16.93%| |Salesforce \[CRM\]|4.75%|30.03%| |Nvidia \[NVDA\]|4.5%|10.46%| |UnitedHealth \[UNH\]|3.25%|0.10%| |Coca-Cola \[KO\]|3.01%|12.44%| |AutoZone \[AZO\]|2.94%|33.28%| |CocaCola Consolidated \[COKE\]|2.53%|75.72%|  From these companies, which one(s) do you consider is overvalued? and which one(s) has its stock overpriced?,;,; 2023-12-22 01:11:41]
[Understanding unexpected stock movement after earnings,;,; I've gone through many of the resources that are listed in the linked post on the sidebar, but I'm overall disappointed by the quality of reporting I can find on earnings. Case in point: to me it reads that MSFT has had a great earnings, but the stock moved against it. I was puzzled and the only articles I can find seem to have been written by chatgpt bots. I'm looking for the insightful reporting of a real person that can explain these things.   I hope that ask is not against the rules.  Any suggestions? ,;,; 2023-07-26 16:56:05]
[Qualitative company analysis… How to?,;,; Value investing is all about buying great companies at or below fair value. For some of the larger companies like AAPL, MSFT, or GOOGL it’s not all too hard to determine whether or not it is a good company. However, I’ve noticed that it is much harder to figure out the qualitative part than it is the quantitative part.   I know there are some measures that indicate good quality like ROIC but I struggle to do the story part of financial analysis.   So my question is; how do you perform a good qualitative analysis on that includes a somewhat accurate story? Thanks!,;,; 2023-09-03 13:20:33]
[Companies with a “good story” right now,;,; Been reading Peter Lynch’s advice lately and i am just curious who comes to mind when you think of companies with a good story.   For me companies like DIS, AMZN, MSFT, etc come to mind but was curious who the less obvious ones are or some of the ‘deep cuts’ you think of if you don’t mind sharing.  Thanks all.,;,; 2023-06-13 13:45:04]
[What are your "Up and coming" picks?,;,; I feel like a lot of markets are just dominated right now, and we aren't seeing many new innovative or even controversial players in a lot of spaces. For instance, Amazon is dominating online shopping, Google is the same for search, MSFT and AAPL are pretending to compete in their own space, retail has had the same major players for decades, same story for oil and cars (TSLA definitely is no longer up and coming), etc. Are there any medium sized companies that you think of as players in a space people are unsure of? Also, don't say crypto. Whether or not you believe in that, I just don't want to go down that road here.,;,; 2023-05-27 22:41:58]
[UK investment guidance needed,;,; I sold my house and now have about 90k I’d like to be smart with. I don’t need it for anything I’m aware of in the immediate future so this should be a long term investment.   I already have small positions in VUAG, ISF, INTL and MSFT, as well as a managed ISA with vanguard I add to monthly.   I plan to top out my 20k with my ISA - what’s the best option with the remaining ~60k? I was thinking maybe a 70/30 split between VUAG and ISF?,;,; 2023-09-08 22:17:21]
[How to maximize Roth IRA contribution,;,; Hey everyone, I have a question regarding generating income to allow myself to contribute to my Roth IRA. For context I’m currently in graduate school and am no longer working. The past two years I’ve worked and been able to max out my Roth contributions while not making enough to be taxed when filing. I currently have ~35000 dollars in a brokerage account. I have made 808 taxable dollars in dividends and that is my only income for the year. I would like to try and contribute more than that. So I was wondering if it is possible (legal?) to sell all of my current long term investments that are positive then reinvest them. If I did this I would net ~5200 as income bumping me up to around 6000 to contribute to my Roth. Am I allowed to just sell my current gains and repurchase their positions, or does that form a sort of wash for tax purposes? If not could I potentially pivot to different holdings? If that is possible is there any other way I could generate the extra 500$ dollars of apparent income to max my contribution? Thanks in advance.   Holdings in question for sale would be  Msft AAPL Spy  NOW Qqq VGT,;,; 2023-12-05 16:15:05]
[Fidelity, brokerage link and NAV funds vrs ETFs,;,; Hi All,        I just found out about Brokerage link and Im thinking about investing in some ETFs rather than the options that are available in my account.        I have time on my side so I want to be aggressive and one fund my account offers is FGKFX which Im currently mostly invested in.        I can get \~50 shares or so per paycheck because its NAV right now is \~21.36        Im thinking about a few funds like XLK and SMH ETFs where one its more heavily investing in Apple and MSFT and the other is investing more in Semiconductors (specific focus). Both those ETFs offer a lower expense ratio than FGKFX, but the thing im thinking about is their price, right now they both trade in the $160+ range so that means Id be getting maybe a few shares every few weeks.        I know past performance does not guarantee future performance but both of those funds have performed very nicely!        Does it make sense to make a switch?,;,; 2023-12-03 22:04:50]
[Is it recommended to buy stocks during a bear market and indexes during a bull market?,;,; When I first started out investing (Mid 2021), everything was really overvalued (imo. Didn't do much research). I ended up buying only low fee Total Market Indexes for the first year because I didn't feel like buying anything else. But ever since stocks started to fall en masse, I've been getting more and more tempted to buy individual stocks (GOOGL, MSFT, AAPL, DIS, META, AMZN) and haven't focused on buying ETFS. My portfolio went from 100% in one ETF to about 80% in it and the rest in stocks.   I have never sold a stock and only keep accumulating. So I've recently been thinking that maybe stocks are not a great option for me. It would probably be better for me if I only buy the Total Market ETF and just exit out of stocks. Is that reasonable or should I just keep what I already have and buy ETFs in the future.,;,; 2023-03-06 23:27:47]
[Roth IRA Composition Advice,;,; Looking for some thoughts. Am I doing to much? I mostly looked for solid ETF's with low expense ratios. And mixed between Large/Med/Small cap. Under 30, will not be touching for a while 20+, max it every year.   Large cap   * VOO  * VUG  * VTI  Mid Cap   * BBMC   Small Cap  * VBK  * VB  Sectors  * VGT * VHT   I think it might be a bit much so I was thinking of dropping the small cap and VTI.   Also what are thoughts on CCRV? Seems to good to be true but it looks attractive for the div payout. No major growth but 30% yield. There has to be a catch, and I'm just not realizing it.    And what are thoughts on tossing some of the big holding in the large cap index's such as apple/XOM/msft/Amazon. I know the obvious, more risk but bigger upside and that's tempting but then i know there is a lot of apple in VGT/VOO for example.    I would probally go   25% VUG   20% VOO  BBMC 5%  VGT 20%  VHT 10%  CCRV 10%  Bluechips 10%    Thank you,;,; 2023-09-24 16:13:13]
[Seeking Feedback on my ETF Portfolio in Roth IRA: Diversification Concerns,;,; Hey fellow Redditors,  I've been diligently building my ETF portfolio in my Roth IRA, but lately, I've been questioning whether I have too many ETFs and if there's potential overlap or duplication issues. I want to ensure that my investments are as diverse as possible, but I'm not confident in my investing knowledge. That's why I need your expertise and feedback on my current holdings!  Here's my portfolio list:  1. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) 2. MSCI Inc. (MSCI) 3. Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) 4. Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) 5. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) 6. Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ) 7. Fidelity Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX) 8. SPDR S&amp;P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) 9. Vanguard S&amp;P 500 ETF (VOO) 10. Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (VTI) 11. Vanguard Target Retirement 2060 Fund (VTTSX) 12. Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLE)  I'm genuinely concerned that I may have too much overlap or duplicates among these ETFs, potentially undermining the diversification I was aiming for. Additionally, as a relatively inexperienced investor, I would greatly appreciate your thoughts on the overall health of my portfolio.,;,; 2023-06-18 19:46:50]
[Facebook-parent Meta forecasts quarterly revenue above estimates,;,; July 26 (Reuters) - Meta Platforms (META.O) forecast third-quarter revenue above market expectations on Wednesday, anticipating higher ad spending on signs of improving macroeconomic environment.  The company expects July-September revenue in the range $32 billion to $34.5 billion, compared to analysts' average estimate of $31.30 billion, according to Refinitiv data.  Shares surged 7% in after-market trading, as Meta also beat second-quarter revenue estimates.  Revenue grew 11% to $32 billion in the quarter ended June, compared to analysts' average estimate of $31.12 billion.  Link to article:   Personal thoughts: Meta stock is up at around 5% AH at the moment, and after Google/MSFT’s earning it seems like the tech giants are doing as well as anyone can hope for so far. I personally think the momentum in the blue chip tech sector will continue for a while as long as Amazon and Apple do ok in their earning reports as well.,;,; 2023-07-26 20:23:47]
[Question about my LLC investing in the market short-term,;,; My LLC puts aside money from business income into a business savings account to pay taxes each year, and I have decided that rather than the funds sitting in a low-interest business savings account to invest in the market so that it earns a bit more on the capital. I've bought AAPL and MSFT, and I'm not worried that the share price will drop so much that I will lose money and not be able to pay my LLC taxes when they are due. My question is when I sell the shares next year to pay LLC taxes, if I only sell enough to recoup my original investment, and leave the profit earned in the market, am I off the hook for capital gains taxes or some other penalty? So, say I put $10k in the market, and it goes to $12k, and then in April I sell $10k worth to pay taxes and leave the 2K profit in the market long-term, what are the tax implications? I will likely hold the shares for less than a year. TIA.,;,; 2023-07-28 17:23:21]
[Need help in explaining about investment and returns,;,; (Edit:  Thanks for the responses.  I did not know their portfolio (2021 thanksgiving) when I said to all of them  to diversify when they were all bragging about their all stock portfolio with huge gains. I did not say what people should diversify into other than a generic suggestion  Bonds, gold, real estate and international assets.   Uncle buying specific Vanguard funds is his own idea.  I thought he was buying 2 grand worth of treasury I-bonds for him and aunt. My question here was how to explain bond market and pacify them - Thanks for the good answers)  About couple of years ago while discussing investments with family, I encouraged family older members to diversify their portfolio and de-risk after big gains of the market after covid recovery.   My aunt and uncle took this to their heart as they realized that good chunk (35%) of their portfolio is purely US stocks (They have $fixed deposits and dividend paying mutual funds too).  They opened Vanguard account sold some stocks and bought  Total Bond market and total  international bond mutual funds or ETF's.  They also bought some Real estate mutual funds and total stock market mutual funds.  Now they regret that decision as all those they bought are 14 -20% loss  except for total stock funds  If they would have kept most of their stocks, it  would have been 10 to 15% gain instead  PS: They are super rich with lot of cash and few investment properties that get them rental income  They always told us the stock portfolio was their answer to gambling urges but with a few the big tech stocks like   Google, Amazon, Apple, Nvidia, MSFT etc  I feel really bad I let them down  Could someone help me explain them in simple terms  what happened with Bond market in last couple of years (and the need to have bonds in their investment portfolio) ?,;,; 2023-12-02 23:50:51]
[My Willy-Nilly Stock Portfolio,;,; Hey, guess what! I'm beating the market YTD!  My make-believe portfolio is up 12.2% vs. 11.8% for VOO, a whopping 0.4% advantage.  The portfolio holds 38 company stocks. The thing is, I picked the stocks more or less at random — just companies that I've heard of and "seemed" like they might do well going forward. No analysis, no research, no balance sheets or company reports, more like "selective dart throwing".  I think the returns are purely the product of luck and realize that my lead over VOO could evaporate at any time. We'll see. It kind of proves Peter Lynch's belief that any moax can beat the market but with a caveat: ***if you're lucky***.  Not one dollar of real money is invested in my make-believe portfolio and I would never put real money into it.  Here are the holdings of this magical make-believe portfolio:  NKE	Nike Inc    QCOM	Qualcomm Inc    UNP	Union Pacific Corp    GOOGL	Alphabet Inc Class A    REGN	Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc    ROST	Ross Stores Inc    AMZN	Amazon.com, Inc.    AAPL	Apple Inc    ORLY	O'Reilly Automotive Inc    LRCX	Lam Research Corporation    NVDA	NVIDIA Corp    CHTR	Charter Communications Inc    AXP	American Express Company    MSFT	Microsoft Corp    HSY	Hershey Co    GS	Goldman Sachs Group Inc    NFLX	Netflix Inc    ADP	Automatic Data Processing Inc    KLAC	KLA Corp    PEP	PepsiCo, Inc.    V	Visa Inc    MRNA	Moderna Inc    AVGO	Broadcom Inc    BLK	BlackRock Inc    FDX	FedEx Corp    PFE	Pfizer Inc.    MRK	Merck &amp; Co Inc    KMI	Kinder Morgan Inc    AZO	Autozone Inc    SBUX	Starbucks Corp    UNH	UnitedHealth Group Inc    HRB	H &amp; R Block Inc    MMM	3M Co    F	Ford Motor Co    FLNG	FLEX LNG Ltd    GILD	Gilead Sciences, Inc.    INTC	Intel Corporation    LNC	Lincoln National Corp,;,; 2023-10-02 02:08:00]
[Industries with Blue Chip Growth stocks that aren't tech ?,;,; My personal portfolio is heavily weighted on Tech. I have been risk averse, so most of it is in Blue Chip Tech companies who are well positioned to take advantage of the upcoming technological revolutions but also have solid revenue making product moats. (MSFT, AAPL). I also have a HUGE unvested position in the AI revolution. So no more money in AI for me.  As I look towards diversifying my portfolio, I am struggling to find any industry that also meets the following demands:  * Solid products that will make money today and 50 years from now * Sane P/E ratios (Keep it under 50 at least) * Poised to take advantage of one of the upcoming technological revolutions (ie. can expand their market) * Hard to beat Moat  The other industries that seem to have strong potential are the kind that have been losing money through the likes of Cathy Woods different ARK ETFs. All of Genomics, Drug Development, Space, 3D printing etc. are bleeding money by double digit percentages every year. Manufacturing companies are slowly revolutionizing, but I don't see their market expanding in a fashion that lets their stocks explode. Many others like mining &amp; energy seem to be so heavily regulated, that your investment is more a reflection of trust in the political class than the actual industry.   The compute hardware industry makes sense to me, but I am already invested in non-Nvidia players and it is too close to Tech anyway. Novo Nordisk satisfied all those requirements, and I was planning on investing in it in January. Dragged my feet with it, and the train has passed.  I can take risks. I am already maxing out my 401ks with safe index funds and I am 30 with my responsibilities paid off. But, don't say Crypto or weed-stocks. I have already been burned on both. I still maintain some crypto, but I am not changing my position on that. Either it all sinks or goes somewhere. Not an extra dollar in or out. Also, no Elon Musk companies please. Meme stocks aren't investments, it's gambling.  To me, genomics, drones (military) and surveillance are going to explode 10x at least in the next 10 years. I know founders in each of them, and have a strong intuition for the base technology. Not approaching it from a 'shiny new thing' perspective. But they are all so regulated and intertwined with Govts, that it is impossible to know who to put money on.,;,; 2023-09-29 15:07:21]
[Stock Market News from Today (03/06/2033),;,; ***Earnings:***  **Lordstown Motors (RIDE)**  * EPS of ($0.45), missing ($0.27) estimate * Rev of $194K, missing $1.25M estimate  **Ciena Corp (CIEN)**  * EPS of $0.64, beating $0.36 estimate * Rev of $1.06B, beating $959.40M estimate  **Trip.com (TCOM)**  * EPS of $0.11, beating ($0.03) estimate * Rev of $730M, beating $702.47M estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Tesla (TSLA)** cuts U.S. Model S and Model X prices between 4% and 9% * **Starbucks (SBUX)** plans to add 100 UK stores in drive-through push * **Realty Income (O)** inks $1.5 billion sale-leaseback deal for Cumberland Farms and other stores * **Vistra (VST)** buying **Energy Harbor Corp** for $3 billion * **BridgeBio (BBIO)** rallies 50% on new data from dwarfism therapy * **E.F. Hutton** taking **Rover** and **Jaguar** EV conversion company **E.C.D** public through SPAC merger * **SiriusXM (SIRI)** laying off 475 employees, cutting 8% of workforce * **Microsoft (MSFT)** brings an AI-powered Copilot to its business app suite * **LIBOR** cracks 5% for first time since 2007, spurred by Fed Outlook * **Altria (MO)** to buy vaping company **NJOY** for $2.75 Billion * Qualtrics (XM) gets $12.4 billion buyout offer from Silver Lake * Former top **Credit Suisse (CS**) shareholder, Harris Associates, sells out of bank * **JetBlue (JBLU) - Spirit (SAVE)** deal faces DOJ Antitrust suit as soon as Tuesday * **Merck’s (MRK)** drug boosts exercise capacity in pulmonary hypertension patients,;,; 2023-03-06 23:49:06]
[How Nasdaq 100 ‘Special Rebalance’ on July 24 will affect tech stocks,;,; On July 7 [Nasdaq announced]( its third-ever 'special rebalance' of the Nasdaq 100 index, which will take effect July 24, 2023.  As a result of the rebalance, you should expect Nasdaq to [significantly decrease the weight of the largest stocks]( ($MSFT, $AAPL, $GOOGL/$GOOG, $NVDA, and $AMZN) from a total of 43+% to below a 38.5% maximum. TSLA may also see a small downward weighting. Smaller stocks should see a small increase in the weight.  ETFs/mutual funds that try to follow the Nasdaq 100 (such as $QQQ) will need to adjust their holdings accordingly. So you should expect them to sell the largest stocks and buy the smaller ones -- perhaps they already have -- and that will affect the prices of those stocks accordingly.  It also means that those ETFs/mutual funds will not accurately reflect the relative weight of the largest stocks. So if you wish to be weighted according to actual market cap, you would need to supplement those holdings.  Normally the index rebalances every quarter. But the largest stocks are dominating the index and funds that follow the index need to maintain compliance with a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rule on fund diversification. On July 3, the largest six stocks saw their combined weight reach 50.9% of the index.  Read more in this [Reuters "Explainer"]( or [Bloomberg article]( (paywall) or Matt Levine's [Money Stuff newsletter]( (paywall/signup),;,; 2023-07-11 21:28:14]
[How do I start stock trading? (Not selling, damn SEO ruining search results),;,; I've been trying to figure out an easy and inexpensive way to trade stocks. But but SEO sends me to results that are like "You just want to buy and sell"? No I mean if I have $400 worth of microsoft, I want to be able to trade it for $400~ish worth of netflix without selling my microsoft stock and all these damn search results and videos don't give me a straight answer of "open this brokerage account and click on this button".,;,; 2023-09-24 15:21:17]
[Why Google is the entity needed to avoid an abusive AI domination,;,; I will start saying that MSFT investors are now less impressed and starting to worry. Google killed it yesterday at the conference. They have integrated AI into their G-Suite (Gmail, Google Docs and sheet), search engine and a bunch of other tools that I don't even know what the heck they are but they sure are cool.  Google could become the leading "trustworthy" AI company everyone is looking at. I was a little worried about this Zuckertard 2.0 named Sam Altman, who talks like a freaking robot and who the hell knows what he's doing with your data (yeah, you haven't read his terms when you signed up). None of his back and forth podcasts in the last few months convinced me, more like made him suspicious.  Sundra Pichai said yesterday that Google will meta tag all AI-created images from day 1, including a nice watermark on them. Also, it launched a fact check tool to find out if the content or news is misleading or not (the big concern with all this AI boom)  I have already seen a few dangerous applications our there. For example some people on LinkedIn happy with many new releases that are illegal under the Data Privacy Act. Things like you can use an AI website where you put a name and it gives you a lot of social media information about this person, or prompt the AI the profile you need to recruit and it will pull up a lot of profiles with photos, information from career, social media information of candidates who are suitable, with their email addresses. I never authorized my profile to be on these AI sites other than LinkedIn (which I kept private and visible only to HR profiles), and now my profile, picture, and info.   Google will become the voice politicians, regulators and society is looking at. Beucaseu they are in the business since the late 90's. They know what regulations means. They went through a lot of issues, solved them and survived.   I hold a ton of share in Google and this is not a financial advice.,;,; 2023-05-11 14:16:00]
[Quantum computer pure plays?,;,; I'm doing research on the quantum computing industry. I know there's several big names getting a piece of it. Microsoft, Amazon, Nvidia, Honeywell...  What are the options for quantum computing pure plays? If I just want a piece of quantum and nothing else, what am I looking at?  IonQ, QCi, Rigetti, Arquitt... are there any I'm missing?,;,; 2023-08-30 14:41:22]
[The most crucial topic this week will involve corporate reports. Who are the leaders, and who are the laggards?,;,; Below, I'm offering up the sectors  that I believe have the greatest potential for improved financial  performance, as well as those that may disappoint investors.  I expect an increase in financial performance in the following areas:  1️⃣ Technology: Primarily, companies specializing in AI and hardware production.  ▪ **Nvidia (NVDA)** graphics cards remain highly popular among users, while **Advanced Micro Devices (AMD)** and **Intel (INTC)** may also signal a recovery in demand. AI product creators **Alphabet (GOOG)** and **Microsoft (MSFT)** could also see increased demand for their products in the coming quarters, boosting profits.  2️⃣  Cryptocurrency companies: Rising prices for Bitcoin, Ethereum, and  other coins are likely to boost profits from commissions for the **Coinbase** crypto exchange **(COIN)** and from the mining company **Marathon Digital (MARA)**.  3️⃣ Energy and precious metals mining:  ▪ Mineral prices (gold and silver) exhibited a growth trend in the reporting quarter. This could send profits for **Newmont (NEM)** and **Barrick Gold (GOLD)** soaring.  ▪ Increasing energy demand could result in higher revenues for **Peabody Energy (BTU)** and **Arch Resources (ARCH)**.  Laggards:  1️⃣ Financial: Tightening credit conditions and deposit outflows are likely to primarily impact regional banks such as **First Republic Bank (FRC)**. Large banks, including those with investment banking divisions like **Bank of America (BAC)** and **JP Morgan (JPM)**,  could benefit from deposit inflows and increased asset values in the  stock market. However, the quality of their loan portfolios is  deteriorating, and reserves are growing.  I'm not ready to add these shares to my portfolios, so I will continue to observe the dynamics of these stocks.  Additionally, the reports from **Wells Fargo (WFC)**, JP Morgan Chase, and **Citigroup (C)** showed decent results thanks to cost control and growth in net interest income.  2️⃣  Consumer: Stores, including online marketplaces, typically experience a  decline in demand in the 1st quarter following holiday sales. I  anticipate a drop in demand indicators from **Best Buy (BBY)**, **Walmart (WMT)**, **GAP (GPS)**, as well as **Bed Bath &amp; Beyond (BBBY)**, which faces bankruptcy.  3️⃣  Healthcare: The coronavirus pandemic and seasonal colds have subsided,  and the increased demand for drugs has dwindled. Medical companies such  as **Teva (TEVA)**, **Pfizer (PFE)**, and **Novavax (NVAX)** could increase spending on new drugs, which would impact shareholder returns negatively.  Conclusion:  Adding  a sector to one list or another doesn't necessarily mean that after the  report is presented, all of the stocks in promising sectors will soar  while all of those in the laggard category will tank. Rather, these are  thoughts on on the medium- and long-term growth prospects of specific  sectors in my field of vision.,;,; 2023-04-17 14:40:00]
[Empower vs. Fidelity Recommendation - advice on specific situation,;,; Hi,    My fiancé (35) is considering transferring the majority of her retirement funds from Fidelity to Empower.    Empower is her current employer 401K.  There is around $9K in that account.    Currently she has a rollover IRA (rolled over last year from a prior employer) as well as a Roth IRA  with Fidelity.  Here is the breakdown of those accounts  -    Rollover IRA –    79,839.18 in cash    AAPL – 1 @ Cost basis of 146.93    FARMX – 156.88 @ avg cost basis of 18.33    FBGRX – 10.572 @ avg cost basis of 177.36    FITLX – 68.726 @ avg cost basis of 20.01    FMEIX – 85.307 @ avg cost basis of 17.29    FPURX – 58.806 @ avg cost basis of 23.38    FSKAX – 0.662 @ avg cost basis of 113.29    FVAL – 66.666 @ avg cost basis of 47.89    FXAIX – 13.102 @ avg cost basis of 154.56    FXNAX – 21.06 @ avg cost basis of 10.68    FZILX – 161.578 @ avg cost basis of 11.53    FZROX – 117.833 @ avg cost basis of 15.91    GOOGL – 20 @ avg cost basis of 14.08    MSFT – 2 @ avg cost basis of 288.18     SCHD – 13.926 @ avg cost basis of 78.57        Roth IRA –  3,932.68 in total investments spread across companies like META, NVDA, WYNN, RRR, ASO, AMD, DIS, etc. Down about $145 all time.    A random $800 from an older 401K that needs to be rolled over.    The main question she is wondering if she should roll both Fidelity accounts into the Empower My Total Retirement program.  She had a meeting with them and they said that if she did there would be no advisory fee.  The plan documents for their 401K say there is a quarterly fee of 0.1125%.  The Premier Retirement Advisory services has a fee of 0.50%/year plus another 0.4% for the next 150K.She is looking for some input on a few questions –     1)	Is the my total retirement annual the same as the advisory fee they said they would waive?     2)	Is there a transaction fee to buy/sell even if the advisory is managing the transactions?  There seems to be charges for each transaction in her 401K and she is currently signed up for the My Total Retirement Program.    3)	I think she would need to liquidate the Fidelity zero funds if she moved to Empower and that would be a taxable event.  Is that accurate?    4)	Most importantly, would it be worth it to move the Fidelity funds to Empower and have them manage it?  And if it is not worth it, should she stop the My Total Retirement program at Empower to save on fees and just keep running the self directed 401K?    My idea with recommending the Fidelity funds to her initially was the zero expense ratio for some of the funds above.      TIA for any advice.,;,; 2023-05-14 20:00:34]
[REITs vs SP500 vs dividend delusion,;,; I always had this logic if I invest long enough into Reits I would be able to retire with dividends wiithout withdrawing.  Lots of people say once snowball begins you really feel the power of dividends.  I have another 35 years before retirement anyway and residency is UK but more and more doing calculations of profit after each year finish I realise dividends is like fake hope. For example first year my dividends payout was £16.43. This year is £900 range and next year projected £1400 which seems good on paper but these very dividends stock could have been replaced with growth and instead of small realized gains I would of had way more unrealised gains.  But more on reits there is even research that Reits most years outperform SP500 due to the power of reinvesting dividends but after holding Vici (risk but growth) Realty Income (passive but monthly dividend and super diversified) I realised they are both very passive boring stocks both together are 15% of my portfolio.  Of course during high interest rates you wouldnt expect Reits to be exciting but I just did future conservative calculations and slightly doubt whether its even worth holding Reits. Posting here whether I missed something from my calculations that makes it so one sided  Like the way I see snowball effect is when it's growth is  exponential and I thought if for example Realty Income pays you £45 per month that would be enough to buy 1 whole share right  so calculations are you need 264 shares which is £11,880   Year 1  264 shares +£45 dividend monthly Month 1  264+45 Month 2 265+45.05 Month 3 266+45.22 Month 4 267+45.39 Month 5 268+45.56 Month 6 269+45.73 Month 7 270+45.9 Month 8 271+46.07 Month 9 272+46.24 Month 10 273 +46.41 Month 11 274 +46.58 Month 12 275 +46.75  1 year from  264 shares =11,880  To 11,880 +3% annual growth =12,236 +reinvested shares 11 =495 =12,731 7.2% growth  But if invested in growth stock  11,880 +20% 1 year =14,256   So I thought snowball effect doesn't really happen with 11k into Reits but what if I was able to buy 4 Realty Income shares every month is that snowball effect?   £57,000 = 1266 shares =£215.22 per month gives you 4.7 shares at current price  Year 1 1266 shares +£215 dividend monthly Month 1 1266+215 Month 2 1270.7+216 Month 3 1275.5+216.8 Month 4 1280.3+217.6 Month 5 1285.1+218.4 Month 6 1289.9+219.2 Month 7 1294.7+220.1 Month 8 1299.59+220.93 Month 9 1304.4+221.7 Month 10 1309.3+222.5 Month 11 1314.2+223.4 Month 12 1319.1+224.2  After year 1 57000 1266 shares To 57000+3% annual growth =58,710 +53 shares reinvested £2385 61095 7.2% growth  If invested in VUSA 10% annual growth 57000+10% =62700 Plus dividends £772 per year 63,475 11.5% growth  Only reason I chose Realty Income is because it's extremely safe stable diversified stock pays 5% but even with 60k invested I still don't see snowball effect of course everyone says just put it into VUSA and forget but dividend investors talk about how they can outperform sp500 but I don't see whether its even worth trying   Maybe in your last 5 years employed you start exchanging your growth stocks and ETFs for Reits for passive Income but slowly I realized recently, investing into passive dividend stocks while young is a big waste of time and illusion to provide passive Income that isn't there. You can compare year 1 dividends received to current year and say wow snowball effect is real but when you take into consideration on how much growth you missed out. Makes me feel my investing strategy has been used 30 years too early   Even when my portfolio consist of 55% Apple &amp; MSFT just mistakes like TROW DIS SOFI my portfolio every year for 5 years is 3-7% lower than VUSA. Even though stock picking is fun but it really is true VUSA seems the only hassle-stress free strategy. Don't need to readjust anything, don't need to check earnings and new competitors or sales it's so simple. Anyone else had these realizations and just want to sell everything and buy VUSA and relax with DRIP? Or do you keep believing      TL:DR dividend investing and stock picking is counter-productive new year resolution VUSA,;,; 2023-12-24 12:50:15]
[The NYTs is suing Microsoft and I think there is a profitability play on their stocks,;,; What Happened Headlines yesterday were championed by the largest copyright lawsuit in the Manhattan Federal Court: The New York Times sues Microsoft and OpenAI. The copyright infringement lawsuit against the companies says that both used the newspaper’s content to train their models without permission. In doing so, the companies jeopardized Time’s business in its entirety. The Times also suggested in the filing that both companies should be liable for BILLIONS of damages. What prompted the lawsuit? Failed negotiations between the involved parties over the usage of Times material. They also stated they were worried about AI attributing false information to the newspaper. I guess when money is on the line news outlets decide to worry about whether their information is accurate or not. Now here is the real kicker - the Times is calling for both OpenAI and Microsoft to destroy all chatbots that use Times material. With OpenAI’s valuation, currently over $80 bn, coming almost completely from ChatGPT, this could compromise the integrity of the entire company.   The Simple Sides (My) Take The bad news is that I am not a legal professional and truly have no idea how this will go. While I do hold my own opinions, I have reached out to multiple lawyers to get more professional opinions and will be sure to add them here when they respond. In the meantime let’s jump into a couple of completely feasible outcomes.   The entire lawsuit is kaput: a.k.a, insignificant or thrown out  To me, this lawsuit is somewhat of a joke: “Newspaper upset that companies use articles available online.” I honestly DO NOT think the lawsuit will amount to much. It seems like journalists at the Times are worried that they are going to lose money and jobs to AI and aren’t happy about it - rightfully so. However, being scared and upset about AI replacing you isn’t a good reason to cry out to the long arm of the law. When the case gets underway it will be interesting to see the arguments presented by the legal team for the Times.   The New York Times wins the lawsuit If the Times wins the lawsuit it could be a major step in journalism’s fight against AI. Not only would the victory set a legal precedent for future AI copyright cases, but it would mean significant damages being paid to the Times. They (the Times) could come into billions of dollars, possibly boosting the stock (ticker: NYT) to 52-week highs. This could also lead to a revaluation of the AI industry. If websites can “charge” for AI models training on their information, the profitability scales might shift. The more content you have online the more you could capitalize on AI models. AI companies are also not heavily regulated at the moment. A win for the Times could shift lawmakers’ attention to the growing market sector.  Microsoft and OpenAI win the lawsuit  Similar to if the Times won, there would be a legal precedent set - AI models can be trained on any information. This could also reinforce the current AI industry and lead to possible growth in valuations for AI-invested stocks. The New York Times would also likely experience some negative effects, possibly paying lawyer fees for both defendants. In layman’s terms, Microsoft stock would be soaring up and the New York Times would be diving down.   Stock Movements Based on Lawsuit Outcomes We see the MSFT and NYT stocks moving in all sorts of directions depending on the outcome of the pending lawsuit. No need to worry, you’re reading The Simple Side, so we’re gonna break it down for you. If nothing happens and the lawsuit is thrown out then Microsoft might suffer some residual damage from the negative headlines, but the stock price will remain relatively steady. If the New York Times wins then its stock will likely jump up probably both in the short and mid-term, but Microsoft will likely have a significant short-term drop. If Microsoft wins then its stock will jump in both the short and mid-to-long-term, whereas the Times stock will drop in the short term and likely recover within the mid-term.  Could capitalize using options trade strategies. I wrote a full article about this and the profitability of the trades but out of respect for the “no promotion” sub guidelines I can’t post links. GOOD LUCK OUT THERE INVESTORS!,;,; 2023-12-28 18:27:00]
[Avantis AVGE Holdings Data/Study,;,; I'm developing an application related to ETF portfolios (the goal is to be able to analyze intersection, diversification between countries, categories, portfolio trend \[small to large, value to growth map\], etc).  Anyway. An ETF that I really like is **AVGE**, from Avantis. If I could summarize it in a few words, it would be the "VT with tendency to the value factor". It is a "fund of funds" with the following composition:  * Avantis U.S. Equity ETF (42.78%) * Avantis U.S. Large Cap Value ETF (15.05%) * Avantis International Equity ETF (10.89%) * Avantis Emerging Markets Equity ETF (6.37%) * Avantis International Large Cap Value ETF (5.49%) * Avantis U.S. Small Cap Value ETF (4.95%) * Avantis U.S Small Cap Equity ETF (4.86%) * Avantis Emerging Markets Value ETF (4.28%) * Avantis Real Estate ETF (3.00%) * Avantis International Small Cap Value ETF (2.17%) * State Street Institutional Investment Trust US Government Money Market Fund Institutional (0.09%)  I got this information from the website [etf.com/avge]( But I would like to go further. I would not like to see the funds that make up these funds, I want to see the holdings that make up the funds of that fund.  So, with a little bit of programming I was able to extract this information and publish it in this github repository. There are two CSV, of which:  * [avge-holdings-ungrouped.csv]( In this CSV I have not grouped the repeated companies. You will be able to see the weight of each holding in each of the funds. Example: APPL represents 4.78% of AVUS (which represents 42.78% of AVGE) and at the same time represents 2.98% of AVLV (which represents 15.05% of AVGE). * [avge-holdings-grouped.csv]( This CSV shows the actual participation of a given company in AVGE. So, for example, the APPL that is part of AVUS and AVLG, its real weight is 2.49% (4.78%\*42.78% + 2.98%\*15.05%).  And, just to make the post more graphic, I end with the list of the 10 biggest AVGE positions.  |Name|Ticker|Weight| |:-|:-|:-| |Apple Inc.|AAPL|2.49%| |Microsoft Corporation|MSFT|1.56%| |Exxon Mobil Corporation|XOM|0.92%| |Meta Platforms Inc. Class A|META|0.85%| |JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co|JPM|0.80%| |Chevron Corporation|CVX|0.77%| |Merck &amp; Co., Inc|MRK|0.76%| |Alphabet Inc. Class A|GOOGL|0.63%| |Pfizer Inc|PFE|0.56%| |Alphabet Inc. Class C|GOOG|0.55%|  The fund's 10 largest positions add up to **9.91%**. It's a pretty small value when compared to growth ETFs like QQQ, VUG, etc.  # Next goals (which I will do when I have time):  * Compare the percentage portfolio between AVGE and VT; * Get the country and sector of each of the 9824 holdings. In this way I will be able to carry out a study of the geographic and sectorial diversification of AVGE. I'll probably use ChatGPT to help me with this because I haven't found any api that can give me this information easily.,;,; 2023-04-20 19:01:28]
[Stock selling / portfolio restructure advice,;,; Hello all,  (TL;DR - income down and uncertain in the short term, big home improvement project coming up, way more money in stocks than savings. Need to tap into equities but unsure which ones would be best. Also seeking restructure/optimization advice on portfolio.)  Recent dip in income, trying to change careers, housing projects coming due - running into a situation where I think it would be more beneficial to liquidate shares and park in a high yield savings acct for less volatility with all the uncertainty in my short term future. Would love advice on which stocks/ETFs y'all think I should sell off or just general advice on my situation.   Assets: currently ~$7k in checking/savings with upcoming deposit of $14k landing in the next few weeks. Bank offers 2% APY and I know I can get better returns elsewhere, just haven't really bothered as I keep most of my "long-term" money in stocks.  Income: TBD. Mortgage loan officer and times are tough. Followed a college to a new job with promises of greener grass but it isn't looking good. Pursuing career change for more stability. May take a few months+ for earnings to align with my target again. Wife works salary job @ $90k/yr.  Expenses: $2k/mo for my half of mtg + utilities + personal loan, $150 car payment. Round everything up and I'm probably $3k - $3,500/mo depending on how much fun I want to have on him weekends.   Sitting on a $20k loan for the home project that I'm splitting payments on with the wife. Estimating another ~$10k+ on top for total project completion that will most likely come out of my pocket. Rate is 13.49%. Once the dust settles on the project plan is to pay it off aggressively depending on income. Got the loan as wife doesn't have full cash on hand and I'd rather have a slow trickle from my account rater than large lump sum payout.   Got Robinhood in 2020 and quickly realized I have no idea what I'm really doing. Most of my money  is in ETFs but I think there's a fair amount of redundancy in my holdings and I'd probably benefit from consolidating. Some accounts are positive, some negative. Had to pay taxes last year but don't really anticipate that being the case for 2023.  Holdings:  -VOO Equity: $6,109 Total return: +$1,677  -DAL Equity: $987 Total return: +$403  -C Equity: $468 Total return: -$97  -WKHS Equity: $7.59 Total return: -$179  -ARKK (I know, I know) Equity: $312 Total return: -$375  -NDAQ Equity: $1,445 Total return: -$68  -AAPL Equity: $577 Total return: +$176  -TAN Equity: $875 Total return: -$117  -QQQ Equity: $3,856 Total return: +$739  -MSFT Equity: $1,015 Total return: +$396  -VGT Equity: $2,344 Total return: +478  -ICLN Equity: $1,808 Total return: -$398  -VTI Equity: $5,742 Total return: +$7  -VNQ Equity: $2,520 Total return: -$526  -VTV Equity: $3,341 Total Return: -$49  -MGK Equity: $1,114 Total Return: -$41  -SCHD Equity: $3,569 Total Return: -$12  -Acorns Account (moderately aggressive) Equity: $26,464 Total Return: +$1,620  I'm 28 so retirement is a far off horizon. Already maxing IRA and 401k so I consider my stocks to be more of a "reserve" account, ideally for long term growth but also access to additional funds if needed. Biggest fear I guess would be income stays low for a while while I figure things out, market tanks, now I'm selling stocks for pennies on the dollar to get by.  My thoughts/plan:  Sell off DAL, C, NDAQ, TAN, ICLN, &amp; SCHD for a total of $9,153 and net loss of $289. This should cover most of the additional housing expenses and minimize losses.  But what would you do from there, especially if I'm anticipating a big reduction in income for the next 6 months?  Been considering selling everything besides (V)ETFs and then shaving off additional equity as needed but idk if that would be most prudent.   Thanks in advance. Didn't mean for this to turn into a text wall.,;,; 2023-09-04 20:35:20]
[Seeking Advice on Optimizing My Investment Portfolio for a Secure Future,;,; Hello fellow investors!   I'm a 34-year-old individual who has been playing around in the world of the stock market for the past 5 years now. As I'm envisioning a comfortable retirement and, most importantly, want to ensure financial stability for my family, I am seeking some guidance on reorganizing my investment portfolio.  My primary goals include securing a solid retirement fund and saving for my 1 year old's college education, with dreams of gifting him his first car at 18. Currently, I have a 529 plan in place, contributing $100 per month towards his future education.  I would greatly appreciate your insights and expertise in helping me assess and potentially reshape my investment strategy. Whether it's adjusting the allocation of assets, exploring new investment avenues, or any other valuable tips you might have, I'm all ears!  Here's a snapshot of my current portfolio:  ## Individual - TOD  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |TOD|SCHD|SCHWAB US DIVIDEND EQUITY ETF|133.983|52.79%|$10,212.13| |TOD|FXAIX|FIDELITY 500 INDEX FUND|37.677|32.05%|$6,200.12| |TOD|QYLD|GLOBAL X FDS NASDAQ 100 COVER|84.422|7.50%|$1,450.36| |TOD|FENY|FIDELITY MSCI ENERGY INDEX ETF|23.58|2.85%|$552.24| |TOD|EGY|VAALCO ENERGY INC ISIN #US91851C2017 SEDOL #BP6DQ87|98.525|2.38%|$460.11| |TOD|FTEC|FIDELITY MSCI INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INDEX ETF|1.882|1.35%|$260.83| |TOD|CRON|CRONOS GROUP INC COM NPV ISIN #CA22717L1013 SEDOL #BF01YS3|51|0.55%|$107.10| |TOD|CNBS|AMPLIFY ETF TR SEYMOUR CANNBS|14.865|0.32%|$61.24| |TOD|SPAXX\*\*|HELD IN MONEY MARKET|\-|0.26%|$50.21| |TOD|NMG|NOUVEAU MONDE GRAPHITE INC COM NPV (POST REV SPLIT)|12|0.16%|$30.06| |TOD|ENZC|ENZOLYTICS INC COM|310|0.04%|$6.78| |TOD|MU|MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC|0.029|0.01%|$2.38| |TOD|HMNY|HELIOS &amp; MATHESON ANALYTICS IN COM|16|0.00%|$0.00|  ## ROTH IRA  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |ROTH IRA|FXAIX|FIDELITY 500 INDEX FUND|48.212|24.76%|$7,933.76| |ROTH IRA|FTEC|FIDELITY MSCI INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INDEX ETF|56.502|24.44%|$7,830.83| |ROTH IRA|MSFT|MICROSOFT CORP|9.646|11.22%|$3,594.09| |ROTH IRA|SCHD|SCHWAB US DIVIDEND EQUITY ETF|46.71|11.11%|$3,560.21| |ROTH IRA|FELC|FIDELITY ENHANCED LARGE CAP CORE ETF|59.718|4.89%|$1,566.40| |ROTH IRA|FDRV|FIDELITY ELECTRIC VEHICLES AND FUTURE TRANSPORTATION ETF|77.918|3.91%|$1,252.14| |ROTH IRA|SONY|SONY GROUP CORPORATION SPON ADS EACH REPR 1 ORD SHS|12.737|3.68%|$1,178.55| |ROTH IRA|O|REALTY INCOME CORP COM|19.903|3.57%|$1,144.16| |ROTH IRA|ICLN|ISHARES TR GL CLEAN ENE ETF|59.216|2.76%|$883.50| |ROTH IRA|AAPL|APPLE INC|3.496|2.01%|$642.89| |ROTH IRA|UMC|UNITED MICR ELCTRNS ADR REP 5 ORD|78.216|1.98%|$634.33| |ROTH IRA|PFE|PFIZER INC|15.71|1.46%|$467.68| |ROTH IRA|OSS|ONE STOP SYS INC COM|160.042|1.05%|$336.88| |ROTH IRA|ALAR|ALARUM TECHNOLOGIES LTD SPON ADS EACH REP 10 ORD SHS (POST SPLT)|27|0.77%|$247.05| |ROTH IRA|HAIL|SPDR SER TR S&amp;P KENSHO SMART|7.978|0.73%|$235.43| |ROTH IRA|PSIL|ADVISORSHARES TR PSYCHEDELICS ETF|87.085|0.39%|$123.93| |ROTH IRA|EVGO|EVGO INC CL A COM|35.456|0.35%|$110.80| |ROTH IRA|NIO|NIO INC SPON ADS EACH REP 1 ORD SHS CLASS A|9.22|0.24%|$76.69| |ROTH IRA|LCID|LUCID GROUP INC COM|17.443|0.22%|$71.42| |ROTH IRA|PTN|PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES INC COM NEW|13|0.15%|$47.06| |ROTH IRA|VYM|VANGUARD WHITEHALL FDS HIGH DIV YLD|0.364|0.13%|$40.66| |ROTH IRA|JNJ|JOHNSON &amp; JOHNSON COM USD1.00|0.185|0.09%|$29.73| |ROTH IRA|ABAT|AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COM NEW|4|0.05%|$17.32| |ROTH IRA|AIRI|AIR INDS GROUP COM|4|0.04%|$12.97| |ROTH IRA|ONL|ORION OFFICE REIT INC COM|1.076|0.02%|$5.99| |ROTH IRA|VYST|VYSTAR CORP COM NEW|10|0.00%|$0.88| |ROTH IRA|FDRXX\*\*|HELD IN MONEY MARKET|\-|0.00%|$0.12| |ROTH IRA|PASO|PATIENT ACCESS SOLUTIONS INC|5000|0.00%|$0.00| |ROTH IRA|703CNT014|PATIENT ACCESS RR CONTRA|1|0.00%|n/a| |ROTH IRA|55404P100|MYDX INC COM|5000|0.00%|n/a| |ROTH IRA|DECN|DECISION DIAGNOSTICS CORP COM USD0.001|4250|0.00%|$0.00|  ## 401K  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |401K|NON40OO9U|TARGETRETIREMENT2060|5623.121|57.22%|$102,087.75| |401K|FNSFX|FID FREEDOM 2060 K|5926.754|42.78%|$76,336.59|  ## Uniform Transfers to Minors (UTMA)  |Account Name|Symbol|Description|Quantity|Percent Of Account|Current Value| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |UTMA|VOO|VANGUARD INDEX FUNDS S&amp;P 500 ETF USD|1.459|99.90%|$629.67|  Thank you in advance for your time and advice!,;,; 2024-01-03 16:24:46]
[The true interpretation of Friday's Jobs Report,;,; So Friday’s trading was based on the macro releases of the jobs report, and then the ISM services PMI data, which drove the price action in DXY and bond yields, which in turn drove movement in the equity market.   So let’s first look at the elements of the jobs report as they came out:   So the headline data came out at 216k, vs 170k consensus, and prior month of 177k, which was revised down from 199k.   The unemployment rate was stable at 3.7% against last month, below expectations of a tick up to 3.8%   Average Hourly YOY came in at 4.1% vs 3.9% forecast, and previous reading of 4%   Now on the surface, these numbers look hot. Headline employment came out hotter, unemployment rate came out softer, and the hourly YOY came out higher than expected. One would, at first, think that this would point to rates staying higher for longer than the market is currently anticipating (which is the first rate cut to come in march).   This is what drove the initial price movement in DXY and Bond yields. We must note that this first reaction is almost always the result of algos trading. Institutions set trading parameters before key data comes out, such as that if headline employment comes out higher than expected, go long dollar, or go short treasuries on the expectation that this algorithmic trading would allow them to be early to the news.This is why USD and bond yields shot up at first. Since these are algorithms trading, we cannot take the initial price movement to be indicative of the true, rational reaction to the data, which we came to see as markets reversed both these moves shortly after.   What then, can we make of this jobs report, when we look under the hood a little, and why did USD fall, and equities rise, on what appears to be a hot report?   Well, to answer this, we need a bit of context. Firstly, this was a December report. December tends to be a hot month for the jobs market, as we see seasonal hiring. As such, December reports should be taken with a grain of salt when assessing any deviation from the existing trend.   Furthermore, we need to look at the revision to previous data, which is key to analysing this report.Last months report got revised down from 199k headline to 173k, a reduction of 26k in December alone. Across both November and October, net revisions were down 71k.As such, we need to look at the totality of the data.December’s payroll numbers came hot by 46k, but the net revision downwards for previous months was -71k.As such, the hot headline number for December was taken to be more or less in line, when you consider the downward revision to previous months.   Furthermore, we must recognise that whilst December’s headline number did come hot, it was not so hot as to disrupt the clear trend of the 3 month moving average in employment numbers. We can see from the chart below that looking at the 3 month moving average, which negates month to month variation, we can still clearly see a downward trend in employment, in line with what the Fed wants to see.   [     Further reinforcing this, Fitch themselves noted that the job growth over the last 3 months is now 165k, just in line with the 2019 average of 164k. So removing month to month variation, the jobs numbers are now normalising back to pre covid levels.   After the jobs report, we had the ISM service numbers too.   Here, we saw services PMI come out at 50.6, below forecast of 52.6, but still expansionary. Importantly, we saw the Services employment numbers come out at 43.3, vs prior numbers of 50.7. Service employment is therefore in contraction, for the first time since June.   This is another indicator of the jobs market continuing to cool, despite a hot headline number on the non farm report.   In fact, the fact that services PMI still came out expansionary could fuel the goldilocks scenario crucial to the soft landing narrative, which is why the market initially reacted positively.   In fact, we can see clearly what I am saying by looking at the price action, with time stamps for when the various data points were released.   Look at the movement of the 10 year yields, intraday   [     We got that early spike when the jobs report came out, the result of algorithmic trading. It then cooled off as human traders began to take the point about the revisions to previous months into account. We then saw a big sell off in yields and USD when ISM data came out, pointing to further weakness in services employment.   This explains why the equity market moved up to 4720, as the dollar and bond yields sold off.   It also explains why the pricing of March rate cuts initially fell to 50%, due to the result of algorithmic trading on USD and bonds, but then increased again back to where it was more or less before the data, as humans looked to interpret the revisions to previous data as not so bad.   Yes, we saw some paring of these gains. This was as USD pared some of its early losses. This makes sense to me. I mean, the jobs report, whilst not bad per say, was not good. It didn’t really warrant  a move up in equity prices.   The fact that the market closed flat on the day is more or less where I see the jobs report. It wasn’t as bad as traders initially feared, nor was it good enough to warrant a move higher. It was more or less okay. It maintains the 3 month moving average trend, and didn’t do much to change it.This is why DXY and SPX and Treasury yields closed the day more or less flat.   We could see from option data on VIX that before the data that options traders were selling calls. This was why VIX got crushed, which helped the market to not sell off on the data.   So where does that leave us? Pretty much unchanged I’d say. A quick look at the skew data on various indices, shows that skew is still moving to the downside.   We can look at MSFT as a gage too, since it leads nasdaq. We can see that the skew is still driving downward pressure, but block trades are slightly up.  This tells us we can continue to expect more volatility in the short term, likely continuing a move lower. The main options trades are selling calls so that would make sense. But the money flows increasing tells us that probably can see some buying of the dip in the medium term, which will move things higher again. Again, this is just from the options data, which changes often so will keep you guys updated on this.   [  ,;,; 2024-01-07 18:08:58]
[Britain blocks Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard,;,; LONDON — Britain’s top competition regulator on Wednesday moved to block[ Microsoft]( acquisition of video game publisher [Activision Blizzard](  The  measure marks a major blow for the U.S. tech giant, as it seeks to  convince authorities that the deal will benefit competition.  Microsoft said it plans to appeal the decision.  The  U.K. Competition and Markets Authority said that it opposed the deal as  it raises competition concerns in the nascent cloud gaming market.  Microsoft  could make Activision’s games exclusive to its cloud gaming platform,  Xbox Game Pass, cuting off distribution to other key players in the  space, the CMA said.  Cloud gaming is a technology that enables  gamers to access games via companies’ remote servers — effectively  streaming a game like you would a movie on Netflix. The technology is  still in its infancy, but Microsoft is betting big on it becoming a  mainstream way of playing games.  Microsoft announced its intention to acquire Activision Blizzard in January 2022 for $69 billion, in [one of the biggest deals the video game industry has seen]( to date.  Executives  at the Redmond, Washington-based technology giant believe the  acquisition will boost its efforts in gaming by adding lucrative  franchises like Call of Duty and Candy Crush Saga to its content  offerings.  However, some of Microsoft’s competitors contested the  deal, concerned it may give Microsoft a tight grip on the $200 billion  games market. Of particular concern was the prospect that Microsoft [may shut off distribution access to Activision’s popular Call of Duty franchise]( for certain platforms.  [Sony]( in particular, has voiced concern with Microsoft’s Activision purchase.  The Japanese gaming giant fears that Microsoft could make Call of Duty  exclusive to its Xbox consoles in the long run.    Microsoft sought to allay those concerns by offering Sony, [Nintendo]( [Nvidia](  and other firms [10-year agreements]( to continue bringing Call of Duty to their respective gaming platforms.  Microsoft  argues it wouldn’t be financially beneficial to withhold Call of Duty  from PlayStation, Nintendo and other rivals given the licensing income  it generates from keeping the game available on their platforms.  Microsoft  President Brad Smith told CNBC last month that the company is offering  Sony the same agreement as it did Nintendo — to make Call of Duty  available on PlayStation at the same time as on Xbox, with the same  features. Sony still opposes the deal.  The CMA had raised concerns  with the potential for Microsoft to hinder competition in the nascent  cloud gaming market via its Xbox Game Pass subscription service, which  offers cloud gaming among its perks. Microsoft has committed to bring  new Call of Duty titles to Xbox Game Pass on day one of its release.  Cloud  gaming, or the ability to access games via PC or mobile devices over  the internet, is still in its infancy and requires a strong broadband  connection to work well. According to network intelligence firm  Sandvine, cloud gaming made up less than 1% of global internet traffic  in 2022.  Even with the CMA’s blessing, Microsoft will still need to convince other regulators not to block the deal. The EU [continues to probe the merger]( to assess whether it hurts competition, while the U.S. Federal Trade Commission [sued to block the deal]( on antitrust grounds. Microsoft sought to allay those concerns by offering Sony, [Nintendo]( [Nvidia](  and other firms [10-year agreements]( to continue bringing Call of Duty to their respective gaming platforms.  Microsoft  argues it wouldn’t be financially beneficial to withhold Call of Duty  from PlayStation, Nintendo and other rivals given the licensing income  it generates from keeping the game available on their platforms.  Microsoft  President Brad Smith told CNBC last month that the company is offering  Sony the same agreement as it did Nintendo — to make Call of Duty  available on PlayStation at the same time as on Xbox, with the same  features. Sony still opposes the deal.  The CMA had raised concerns  with the potential for Microsoft to hinder competition in the nascent  cloud gaming market via its Xbox Game Pass subscription service, which  offers cloud gaming among its perks. Microsoft has committed to bring  new Call of Duty titles to Xbox Game Pass on day one of its release.  Cloud  gaming, or the ability to access games via PC or mobile devices over  the internet, is still in its infancy and requires a strong broadband  connection to work well. According to network intelligence firm  Sandvine, cloud gaming made up less than 1% of global internet traffic  in 2022.  Even with the CMA’s blessing, Microsoft will still need to convince other regulators not to block the deal. The EU [continues to probe the merger]( to assess whether it hurts competition, while the U.S. Federal Trade Commission [sued to block the deal]( on antitrust grounds.,;,; 2023-04-26 11:20:59]
[EU approves Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard, clearing major hurdle,;,;   European Union regulators on Monday approved Microsoft’s proposed $69 billion acquisition of gaming firm Activision Blizzard, subject to remedies offered by the U.S. tech giant. The European Commission, the EU’s executive arm, said that Microsoft offered remedies in the nascent area of cloud gaming that have staved off antitrust concerns. These remedies centered on allowing users to stream Activision games they purchase on any cloud streaming platform. Europe’s green light is a huge win for Microsoft, after the U.K.’s top competition authority last month blocked the deal. Regulators globally have been probing whether Microsoft’s acquisition of Activision could distort competition in the console and cloud gaming market. One area regulators questioned is whether Microsoft might take Activision games and keep them exclusively on the U.S. giant’s own platforms. Activision is behind some of the biggest console and PC games in the world, including the Call of Duty franchise and World of Warcraft.  The EU decision comes after the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority last month blocked the deal over concerns that it would reduce competition in the nascent cloud gaming market. The CMA said that Microsoft would find it commercially beneficial to make Activision’s key games, such as Call of Duty, exclusive to its own cloud gaming platforms. The CMA nevertheless said the acquisition would not reduce competition in the console market.  Microsoft has faced opposition to the deal from regulators and some of its rivals, including PlayStation games console maker Sony. Microsoft sought to allay the Commission’s concerns over making Activision games exclusive ahead of the EU decision. Microsoft President Brad Smith met with EU officials in February, after which the tech giant said it would bring Xbox PC games to Nvidia’s cloud gaming service. The chipmaker had reportedly expressed opposition to the acquisition takeover. Microsoft also signed a 10-year deal with Nintendo to bring Call of Duty to the Japanese gaming giant’s platforms, if the Activison deal closes.,;,; 2023-05-15 14:39:43]
[Microsoft completes $69bn takeover of Call of Duty-maker Activision Blizzard,;,;    **Biggest Gaming Industry Deal**: Microsoft has sealed the deal on its $69bn acquisition of Activision Blizzard, marking the largest transaction in the gaming sector to date.  **Green Light from UK Regulators**: The UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) approved the deal after initial resistance, ensuring that their concerns were addressed in the revised terms.  **Deal Dynamics**:  * Microsoft will control major titles like "Call of Duty" and "World of Warcraft." * Rights to distribute Activision's games via cloud on consoles and PCs have been handed to Ubisoft. * Activision CEO Bobby Kotick to step down at the end of 2023.  **Global Regulatory Response**:  * Approved by EU regulators. * US competition watchdog's attempt to halt the deal was rejected.  **Potential Impact on Gaming Industry**:  * Microsoft aims to enhance its Xbox Game Pass service and expand into mobile gaming. * The acquisition could position Microsoft as a significant player in the gaming industry, potentially surpassing Nintendo. * Rivals like Sony have expressed concerns over the potential exclusivity of major Activision titles.  **Stock Implications**:  * Microsoft is paying cash for Activision at a premium price of $95 per share. * Activision's outgoing CEO, Bobby Kotick, is set for a $400m payday.  How do you think this acquisition will shape the future of the gaming industry and impact the stock trajectories of involved companies? Will this deal pave the way for further consolidation in the sector?  &amp;#x200B;  Full article on [BBC]( 2023-10-13 18:04:59]
[Microsoft to appeal IRS request for nearly $29 billion in back taxes,;,; Microsoft plans to contest a US Internal Revenue Service request for an additional $28.9 billion in back taxes for the years 2004 to 2013, the company said in a securities filing Wednesday.  The demand is the result of a yearslong audit by the IRS into Microsoft’s past accounting practices. In particular, the agency took issue with how the company “allocated profits … among countries and jurisdictions,” Microsoft said in the filing.  “The IRS says Microsoft owes an additional $28.9 billion in tax for 2004 to 2013, plus penalties and interest,” the company said. It noted that the IRS’s determination is not final and does not include up to $10 billion in taxes Microsoft paid under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that could reduce its final bill.  The company said it plans to appeal the IRS request, a process that will likely take several years.      2023-10-11 21:53:36]
[500+ OpenAI employees will quit and join Microsoft unless the board resigns and reinstates Sam and Greg,;,; To the Board of Directors at OpenAI,  OpenAI is the world’s leading AI company. We, the employees of OpenAI, have developed the best models and pushed the field to new frontiers. Our work on AI safety and governance shapes global norms. The products we built are used by millions of people around the world. Until now, the company we work for and cherish has never been in a stronger position.  The process through which you terminated Sam Altman and removed Greg Brockman from the board has jeopardized all of this work and undermined our mission and company. Your conduct has made it clear you did not have the competence to oversee OpenAI.  When we all unexpectedly learned of your decision, the leadership team of OpenAI acted swiftly to stabilize the company. They carefully listened to your concerns and tried to cooperate with you on all grounds. Despite many requests for specific facts for your allegations, you have never provided any written evidence. They also increasingly realized you were not capable of carrying out your duties, and were negotiating in bad faith.  The leadership team suggested that the most stabilizing path forward - the one that would best serve our mission, company, stakeholders, employees and the public - would be for you to resign and put in place a qualified board that could lead the company forward in stability.  Leadership worked with you around the clock to find a mutually agreeable outcome. Yet within two days of your initial decision, you again replaced interim CEO Mira Murati against the best interests of the company. You also informed the leadership team that allowing the company to be destroyed “would be consistent with the mission.”  Your actions have made it obvious that you are incapable of overseeing OpenAI. We are unable to work for or with people that lack competence, judgement and care for our mission and employees. We, the undersigned, may choose to resign from OpenAI and join the newly announced Microsoft subsidiary run by Sam Altman and Greg Brockman. Microsoft has assured us that there are positions for all OpenAI employees at this new subsidiary should we choose to join. We will take this step imminently, unless all current board members resign, and the board appoints two new lead independent directors, such as Bret Taylor and Will Hurd, and reinstates Sam Altman and Greg Brockman.  [Source]( 2023-11-20 15:13:28]
[Q2 Earnings - Microsoft beats estimates as Azure grows faster than expected,;,; Here’s how the company performed, compared with consensus among analysts polled by LSEG, formerly known as Refinitiv:  Earnings: $2.93 per share, vs. $2.78 per share expected  Revenue: $62.02 billion, vs. $61.12 billion expected  Microsoft’s revenue increased 17.6% year over year in the year, which ended on Dec. 31, according to a statement. Net income, at $21.87 billion, or $2.93 per share, increased from $16.43 billion, or $2.20 per share.  The company’s Intelligent Cloud segment produced $25.88 billion in revenue, up 20% and above the $25.29 billion consensus among analysts surveyed by Refinitiv. The grouping contains Azure cloud infrastructure, SQL Server, Windows Server, Nuance, GitHub and enterprise services.  Within that segment, revenue from Azure and other cloud services grew 30%. Analysts polled by CNBC had expected 27.7% growth, and the StreetAccount consensus was 27.5%. The metric for the previous quarter was 29%.  Revenue from the Productivity and Business Processes unit including Office productivity software, LinkedIn and Dynamics totaled $19.25 billion. That was up 13% and higher than the $18.99 billion StreetAccount consensus.  The More Personal Computing segment contributed $16.89 billion in revenue, up about 19% and more than the StreetAccount consensus of $16.79 billion. The segment comprises Windows, Surface, Bing and Xbox.  During the fiscal second quarter, Microsoft closed its acquisition of video game publisher Activision Blizzard, its largest deal ever. The company also announced custom cloud chips and started selling a $30 monthly Copilot artificial intelligence add-on to Microsoft 365 productivity software bundles.  But layoffs continued. Microsoft’s LinkedIn subsidiary cut around 700 jobs in October on top of the 10,000 announced earlier in the year. Last week, Microsoft said it’s eliminating around 1,900 employees in its gaming unit, or about 9% of headcount, following the Activision deal.  Source:  2024-01-30 21:15:31]
[Microsoft Reportedly Tried to Sell Bing to Apple in 2020,;,; Microsoft executives tried to sell the company’s Bing search engine to Apple around 2020, pitching the deal as a way for the iPhone maker to replace Google as the default search engine in Apple’s Safari browser, Bloomberg reported. The talks never reached an advanced stage, according to the report.  The revelation comes as the U.S. Department of Justice seeks to prove to a federal judge that Google violated antitrust laws by abusing its dominance over the search market. Google’s deal with Apple to share ad revenue in exchange for default status in Safari, and whether that agreement made it impossible for challengers like Bing to compete, have been a key part of the ongoing antitrust trial in Washington. Microsoft’s alleged sale effort appears to bolster the government’s contention that Google locked up the market to the point where its top competitor was willing to throw in the towel. It also shows that Apple, the world’s most valuable company, preferred to stick with the Google deal than pick a costly battle in search.  [ 2023-09-29 08:00:36]
[Microsoft earnings are out – here are the numbers,;,; Microsoft reported earnings after the bell. Here are the results.  Earnings: $2.45 per share, vs. $2.23 per share as expected by analysts, according to Refinitiv.  Revenue: $52.86 billion, vs. $51.02 billion as expected by analysts, according to Refinitiv.  Revenue is projected to be up 3% from a year earlier, which would mark a second straight quarter of growth below 10%. Before that, percentage expansion had been in double digits in every quarter since 2017.  Results are expected to be weakest in Microsoft’s personal computing division, which includes Windows operating system licenses sold to PC makers, along with Xbox consoles and Surface devices. Research firm Gartner estimated that PC shipments declined 30% in the quarter.  Microsoft’s Azure cloud business remains a bright spot for the company, but growth is slowing. Analysts surveyed by CNBC expect 26.5% growth from a year earlier, while analysts polled by StreetAccount predict 27.2% growth. Microsoft doesn’t disclose the size of its Azure business in dollars.  In the fiscal second quarter, revenue from Azure and other cloud services grew by 31%, down from 35% in the prior period.  Investors have another reason to be excited about Azure, which has aligned itself with ChatGPT creator OpenAI.  During the quarter, Microsoft announced a new multibillion-dollar investment in OpenAI and said it would draw on the company’s artificial intelligence models for a new version of its Bing search engine and enhancements to the Microsoft 365 productivity software.   Microsoft shares have risen 17% so far this year, while the S&amp;P 500 index is up less than 8% over the same period.  Executives will discuss the results with analysts and issue guidance on a conference call starting at 5:30 p.m. ET.  Source:  2023-04-25 20:10:57]
[Microsoft hires former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman (and colleagues),;,; From Microsoft CEO's tweet:  &gt;We remain committed to our partnership with OpenAI and have confidence in our product roadmap, our ability to continue to innovate with everything we announced at Microsoft Ignite, and in continuing to support our customers and partners. We look forward to getting to know Emmett Shear and OAI's new leadership team and working with them. And we’re extremely excited to share the news that Sam Altman and Greg Brockman, together with colleagues, will be joining Microsoft to lead a new advanced AI research team. We look forward to moving quickly to provide them with the resources needed for their success.  Also as reported by [The Verge](  &gt;Brockman has also revealed that the new advanced AI research team at Microsoft will also include some key OpenAI talent. Jakub Pachocki, director of research at OpenAI, will join an unnamed leadership position in Microsoft’s advanced AI research team. OpenAI research scientist Szymon Sidor and head of preparedness Aleksander Madry are also joining Microsoft in leadership positions, according to Brockman. OpenAI employees are also posting “OpenAI is nothing without its people” to X, in a sign of more resignations to come.  Does this make Microsoft a more enticing stock now? Or has it risen too much already for the needle to move? Disclosure I picked up some shares this morning.,;,; 2023-11-20 11:37:08]
[Microsoft stock?,;,; Microsoft copilot is compatible with Excel and so on. Imagine just telling your GPT-like program to do some task in excel that would normally be tedious. Suddenly your work becomes much faster, so surely you'd wanna buy the microsoft office product for your workforce. Can we expect the microsoft stock to go up with that idea?     Unrelated to the microsoft copilot, but now that microsoft has GPT4 they are probably winning the AI race. Ethics is no concern to them sadly, but that's reality and will speed up any progress. Microsoft is in the perfect position to utilize GPT or similar multivalued AI tools because they control a shitload of other tools/programs/products already so all they have is to integrate the AI with those tools and suddenly you have a bunch of applications  that nobody else in the world has.,;,; 2023-04-01 13:04:46]
[Google falls 3% pre-market as Microsoft gains 2% on reports that Samsung is considering Bing as default search engine across all devices,;,; [   (Bloomberg) -- Microsoft Corp.’s Bing may replace Alphabet Inc.’s Google as the default search service on Samsung Electronics Co. devices, according to a New York Times report on Sunday.   Suwon-based Samsung, the world’s leading smartphone maker, is considering making the switch, putting at risk roughly $3 billion in annual revenue for Google, the report said. Bing’s threat to Google’s search dominance has grown more credible in recent months with the addition of OpenAI’s technology to provide ChatGPT-like responses to user queries.  Samsung shipped 261 million smartphones in 2022, according to IDC data, all running Google’s Android software. The Korean company has long-established partnerships with both Microsoft and Google, and its devices come preloaded with a library of apps and services from both, such as OneDrive and Google Maps. Negotiations are still ongoing and Samsung may yet decide to keep Google as its default provider, according to the report.  Google is working on several projects to update and renew its search services to avoid losing ground. Those include adding artificial intelligence features to its existing offerings, under a project named Magi, which has more than 160 people working on it, the Times reported.,;,; 2023-04-17 11:24:59]
[Microsoft Is Looking To Acquire Nintendo “At Some Point”, Mario Maker’s Future “Exists Off Of Its Hardware”,;,;   Microsoft is looking to acquire Nintendo “at some point”, and it believes that the Mario maker’s future “exists off of its own hardware”. Through a flurry of leaked documents involved in the court case between the FTC and Microsoft, it has been revealed that the software giant has been looking to acquire Nintendo since the year 2020. Microsoft Gaming CEO Phil Spencer believes that the acquisition of Nintendo by Microsoft would be a “career moment” for him, and he believes it would be a good move for both companies.  In his email to Microsoft’s Executive Vice President and Commercial Chief Marketing Officer, Takeshi Numoto, and Chief Marketing Officer, Chris Capossela, Spencer stated that it’s just taking a long time for Nintendo to see that its future “exists off of their own hardware”, but he is firm in his belief that the acquisition will happen “at some point”, and that Nintendo will eventually see things the way Microsoft does. Nintendo has yet to comment on the leaked statement from Phil Spencer.  Addressing Numoto, Spencer stated that he totally agreed that Nintendo is the prime asset for Microsoft in the Gaming business, and that, today, Gaming is the company’s most likely path to consumer relevance. He mentioned that he has had numerous conversations with the LT of Nintendo about tighter collaboration and felt that if any US company would have a chance with Nintendo, Microsoft would probably be in the best position. According to him, the unfortunate (or fortunate for Nintendo) situation is that the Mario maker is “sitting on a big pile of cash”. He said that Nintendo has a Board of Directors (BoD) that, until recently, have not pushed for further increases in market growth or stock appreciation. He clarified that he said “until recently”, as Microsoft’s former BoD member, ValueAct, has been heavily acquiring shares of Nintendo.,;,; 2023-09-19 14:58:35]
[Meta, Microsoft and Amazon team up on maps project to crack Apple-Google duopoly,;,;   Google and Apple dominate the market for online maps, charging mobile app developers for access to their mapping services. The other mega-cap tech companies are joining together to help create another option. A group formed by Meta, Microsoft and Amazon Web Services, along with TomTom, is releasing data that could enable companies to build their own maps, without having to rely on Google or Apple. The Overture Maps Foundation, which was established late last year, captured 59 million “points of interest,” such as restaurants, landmarks, streets and regional borders. The data has been cleaned and formatted so it can be used for free as the base layer for a new map application.  Meta and Microsoft collected and donated the data to Overture, according to Marc Prioleau, executive director of the OMF. Data on places is often difficult to collect and license, and building map data requires lots of time and staff to gather and clean it, he told CNBC in an interview. “We have some companies that, if they wanted to invest to build the map data, they could,” Prioleau said. Rather than spending that kind of money, he said, companies were asking, “Can we just get collaboration around the open base map?” Overture is aiming to establish a baseline for maps data so that companies can use it to build and operate their own maps.  For many companies, Google’s and Apple’s maps aren’t ideal, because they don’t provide access to the underlying data. Instead, those companies allow app makers to use their maps as a service and, in many cases, charge each time the underlying map is accessed. For example, app makers pay per thousand Google Maps lookups through an application programming interface (API). Apple allows access to Apple Maps for free for native app developers, but web app developers need to pay. “That works for a lot of people, but not for others,” Prioleau said. Overture is only offering the underlying map data, leaving it up to companies to build their own software on top of it.,;,; 2023-07-26 17:13:04]
[Microsoft lays off 1,900 Activision Blizzard and Xbox employees,;,; Microsoft is laying off 1,900 employees at Activision Blizzard and Xbox this week. While Microsoft is primarily laying off roles at Activision Blizzard, some Xbox and ZeniMax employees will also be impacted by the cuts.  The cuts work out to roughly 8 percent of the overall Microsoft Gaming division that stands at around 22,000 employees in total.   Alongside the layoffs, Blizzard president Mike Ybarra has decided to leave the company. “As many of you know, Mike previously spent more than 20 years at Microsoft. Now that he has seen the acquisition through as Blizzard’s president, he has decided to leave the company,” says Microsoft’s game content and studios president, Matt Booty, in an internal memo.   2024-01-25 16:51:43]
[Tesla or Nvidia or Microsoft over the next 1-3 years?,;,; I'm interested in what your guys thoughts are on these 3 companies trajectories in the near future.  Tesla is actively reducing the prices on their EVs while other automakers can barely make a profit with their higher prices. I think they are just so far ahead of the competition that they will increase their market share along with the entire EV market growing.  Nvidia is obviously the king of AI right now and probably for the foreseeable future. Their forward PE is 40 and not too high for a growth stock. I don't see any real competitors, maybe AMD, but that's a stretch.  Microsoft is in an interesting spot. They acquired OpenAI and incorporated that in Bing. I'm not sure what direction they're trying to go with that. I'm not convinced they can take any meaningful market share from Google. I think Cloud and Gaming is where they will see huge growth in the near term.  If I were to pick one I would choose Tesla.,;,; 2023-09-26 18:22:31]
[Nancy Pelosi's husband just snapped up $2.6 million of Apple and Microsoft stock, closing out an options bet that the shares would soar,;,; * Nancy Pelosi's husband exercised roughly $2.6 million worth of Apple and Microsoft stock options this month.  * Paul Pelosi bought 5,000 shares of both Apple and Microsoft stocks on June 15, exercising 50 call options.  * Nancy Pelosi has repeatedly said her husband's investments have nothing to do with her political knowledge.                                                                                                                         Nancy Pelosi's husband exercised roughly $2.6 million worth of Apple and Microsoft stock options this month, according to a regulatory disclosure Thursday.        The transactions on the filing, marked with "SP" for the spouse, indicate that Paul Pelosi bought 5,000 shares of both Apple and Microsoft stocks on June 15, exercising 50 call options purchased on May 24, 2022, with a listed expiration date of June 16.        The Apple options had a strike price of $80, and the Microsoft options had a strike price of $180. On Friday, those shares closed at $186.68 and $335.02, respectively, totaling about $933,000 and $1.7 million.        Since the options were purchased last May, Apple shares have gained 33%, and Microsoft has climbed 29%. The upside from the strike price is even higher, at 131% and 83%, respectively.        First highlighted by Quiver Quantitative and Unusual Whales, the disclosure comes after Congress failed to make progress on new legislation around lawmakers and their relatives trading stocks.        Earlier this year, Insider and several other news organizations identified 78 members of Congress who didn't properly report their financial trades as mandated by the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, also known as the STOCK Act.        Congress passed the law a decade ago to combat insider trading and conflicts of interest. But many lawmakers have not fully complied with reporting requirements, leading to calls for a complete ban on trading individual stocks among members of Congress.        Legislation on such a ban advanced last year, but the bill ultimately died.        Meanwhile, Paul Pelosi has faced backlash over stock trades that seem to coincide with legislation in the technology sector.        For example, in July 2021, he pocketed a $4.8 million gain in a Alphabet stock trade the week before the House Judiciary Committee advanced bipartisan antitrust bills targeting Google, Apple, and Amazon.        However, Nancy Pelosi has said repeatedly that her financier husband's trades have nothing to do with her political knowledge.        OpenSecrets estimated that Pelosi has a net worth of $114.6 million.,;,; 2023-06-27 09:34:17]
[AMD shares jump over 6% following collaboration with Microsoft on new AI chip codenamed "Athena",;,; AMD shares jumped 9% after reports emerged that Microsoft is collaborating with the chipmaker on a new artificial intelligence processor. The new AI chip, codenamed Athena, will be able to train models and make inferences on new data. Microsoft is also reportedly providing financial support for the initiative.   [   Seems like there's serious potential in this partnership. Thoughts?,;,; 2023-05-04 20:08:47]
[Microsoft stock hits all-time high after hiring former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman,;,; Microsoft's stock reached a record high on Monday following the announcement that Sam Altman, former CEO of OpenAI, would be joining the company to lead its artificial intelligence (AI) innovation efforts. Microsoft's shares rose 2.1% to a new all-time high of $377.44, surpassing the previous record of $376.17.        Altman's move to Microsoft came after he was ousted from his position at OpenAI in a boardroom coup, leading to a 1.7% decline in Microsoft's shares on the previous Friday. Microsoft is the largest stakeholder in OpenAI, with a $13 billion investment in the AI firm.        Greg Brockman, co-founder of OpenAI who left after Altman's removal, is also set to join Microsoft. The hiring of Altman and Brockman follows days of speculation about Altman's potential return to the company after his abrupt firing from OpenAI.        Microsoft's shares have risen approximately 56% for the year, making it one of the "Magnificent Seven" stocks that have significantly contributed to the market's overall returns in 2023. Analysts, including Dan Ives from Wedbush Securities, reiterated a positive outlook for Microsoft, with Ives maintaining a $425 price target for the stock. The addition of Altman and Brockman is seen as strengthening Microsoft's position in the field of AI.    ,;,; 2023-11-21 10:34:05]
[Microsoft earnings are out – here are the numbers,;,; Microsoft reported earnings after the bell. Here are the results.  Here are the key numbers to follow:  Earnings: $2.69 a share. That may not compare with the $2.55 cents per share expected by Refinitiv.  Revenue:  $56.19 billion. That may not compare with the $55.47 billion expected by Refinitiv.  Based on analysts’ projections, Microsoft will close fiscal 2023 with revenue growth below 10% for the first time since 2017. Growth for the latest quarter is expected to come in at around 7%. Businesses have been delaying cloud and software deployments since last year due to economic uncertainty and the potential for higher interest rates.  Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella told employees in May that the company won’t lift salaries this year.  Analysts polled by CNBC and by StreetAccount expect Microsoft to report about 25% year-over-year growth in revenue from the Azure public cloud, which competes with Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. Microsoft doesn’t report Azure revenue in dollars. The projected growth rate is similar to what analysts expect from Google’s cloud division. Parent company Alphabet also reports results after the bell on Tuesday.  During the quarter, Microsoft built on its broad alliance with OpenAI to capitalize on fresh interest in artificial intelligence, following the November launch of the startup’s ChatGPT chatbot. Microsoft introduced a chatbot powered partly by OpenAI language models to help workers make sense of their employers’ data, and it told developers they’ll be able to build plugins that people can access through ChatGPT, the Bing search engine’s chatbot, and other tools.  Investors are eager for resolution in Microsoft’s arrangement to buy Activision Blizzard for almost $69 billion, which was agreed upon in January 2022. Earlier this month, an appeals court denied the Federal Trade Commission’s motion to stop the transaction. Activision shares have climbed past $92.50, close to the $95 that Microsoft agreed to pay, reflecting optimism that the deal is on track to close.  Microsoft shares have gained 44% year to date, while the S&amp;P 500 is up 19%.  In June, Microsoft said it expected to take a $425 million charge in the quarter to pay a fine from Ireland’s Data Protection Commission after the authority looked at whether the company’s LinkedIn unit violated the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation.  Executives will discuss the quarterly results with analysts and issue guidance on a conference call starting at 5:30 p.m. ET.  Source:  2023-07-25 20:08:06]
[It’s ‘really the Google web’: Microsoft CEO testifies about how hard it is to break into search during antitrust trial,;,;   When it comes to online search, it’s Google’s web and everyone else is playing in it, according to rival Microsoft. That was the essence of Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella’s testimony in federal court on Monday as part of the government’s antitrust trial against Google. Nadella told the court that Google’s dominant market share in online search means that publishers and advertisers shape their content to Google’s requirements, making it harder for competitors like Microsoft’s Bing to gain a foothold.  “Everybody talks about the open web, but there is really the Google web,” Nadella said from the stand in Washington, D.C., District Court. Nadella was referring to the way publishers often cater their content and advertising to Google’s products, like by optimizing their pages for how Google ranks search results. Nadella was questioned by lawyers for the Department of Justice and a coalition of state attorneys general who are suing Google for allegedly violating antitrust laws by illegally maintaining a monopoly in the general search market. The government argues that Google locked up distribution channels for general search engines through exclusive deals with browser and phone makers to be the default choice on various devices. Perhaps the most famous of those deals is the multibillion-dollar agreement between Google and Apple to make Google search the default on Apple products like the iPhone.  The government has tried to make the case that Google’s dominance, aided by these exclusive deals, creates a flywheel effect, where greater exposure to users leads to more data to make Google’s search results better and attracts more advertisers to the product. That, in turn, generates more revenue that can be used to fund these massive distribution deals. Meanwhile, the government argues, it becomes even harder for rivals to breakthrough to consumers, and as a result, they miss out on the opportunity for greater benefits or innovations in search. Nadella affirmed that argument in his testimony Monday, describing the obstacles a general search competitor like Bing faces to gain more market share from Google.,;,; 2023-10-02 23:59:21]
[Is it a bad time to buy Microsoft shares?,;,; I just sold a bunch of shares, about $22,000 worth (which for me is a lot) not because I wanted to trim my position, but because I was trying to move the shares from one account to another (moving it into a tax-free account)  I was planning to immediately re-invest the money back in again via my second account, but I've been wondering if I should just take the profit and stay out for the time being or put it elsewhere.  On the one hand, betting against a company like Microsoft and "waiting for a dip" is rarely a smart move. However, the share growth has been enormous this year to an extent that seems unsustainable and unjustified, I can't shake the feeling that it's being pumped by the current buzzword of AI. Their growth is seemingly showing signs of slowing, though it is still good.  I readily admit I'm not knowledgeable about how to assess "fair valuation" for a company. I am wondering what sentiment here is on Microsoft...,;,; 2023-06-26 15:17:59]
[Microsoft-Activision deal moves closer as judge denies FTC injunction request,;,; [  A federal judge in San Francisco has denied the Federal Trade Commission’s motion for a preliminary injunction to stop Microsoft from completing acquisition of video game publisher Activision Blizzard.        “This Court’s responsibility in this case is narrow. It is to decide if, notwithstanding these current circumstances, the merger should be halted—perhaps even terminated—pending resolution of the FTC administrative action,” Judge Jacqueline Scott Corley wrote in her decision, published on Tuesday. “For the reasons explained, the Court finds the FTC has not shown a likelihood it will prevail on its claim this particular vertical merger in this specific industry may substantially lessen competition. To the contrary, the record evidence points to more consumer access to Call of Duty and other Activision content. The motion for a preliminary injunction is therefore DENIED.”        The decision comes after five days of court hearings to assess whether Microsoft     would be able to complete the $68.7 billion Activision Blizzard     acquisition it announced in 2022. The judge was deciding whether to grant the FTC’s request for an emergency injunction to prevent the deal from closing.        The FTC argued Microsoft has shown an interest in making some games exclusive, to prevent them from appearing on Sony’s PlayStation or Nintendo’s Switch, and might do that if the deal were to close, while Microsoft said they would want to make Activision’s title more available, not less, partly to grow from people subscribing to its Game Pass library of games. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick both testified, as did executives from Alphabet, Nvidia and Sony.        In December the Federal Trade Commission filed suit to block the deal and have an administrative law judge at the agency assess it. But in June, before that could happen, the FTC requested a preliminary injunction to prevent Microsoft from completing the acquisition, with an eye toward bringing the case to its administrative law judge on Aug. 2. The two companies were looking to close the deal by July 18.        Kotick said during the hearings that the Activision Blizzard board didn’t see how the deal could continue if the judge were to grant the preliminary injunction.,;,; 2023-07-11 15:10:02]
[Microsoft Activision deal,;,; What are some of your thoughts on this deal Microsoft is trying to close?  If the deal goes through Microsoft will buys out Activision shareholders for $95/per share.  Activision shares currently go for around $76.   That’s roughly give or take a 20% gain on your investment.   I hear the Microsoft Activision deal should be settled by summer 2023. I feel like this may be a good opportunity to load up on Activision shares however, I am relatively new to the stock market so some of your views on this topic would be greatly appreciated.    I’m assuming however, the downside of this opportunity may be that the deal does not execute and you are stuck holding on to crappy Activision shares which may potentially drop in value according to some analysis I came across on google.,;,; 2023-02-28 06:35:57]
[Microsoft’s stock hits record after executives predict $10 billion in annual A.I. revenue,;,;   * Microsoft shares climbed 3.2% to a record Thursday and are now up 46% this year. * The company could pick up $10 billion or more in annual artificial intelligence revenue from developers using its Azure cloud or OpenAI’s models, an executive said this week. * JPMorgan analysts raised their price target on Microsoft stock Wednesday.  Microsoft shares climbed to a record Thursday after analysts at JPMorgan Chase touted the software maker’s growth prospects in artificial intelligence.  The stock rose 3.2% to close at $348.10, topping its prior all-time high reached in November 2021, the same month the Nasdaq peaked. U.S. indexes enjoyed a broad rally, following the Federal Reserve’s announcement Wednesday that it would hold off on increasing interest rates.  AI has been a hot topic all year, after Microsoft-backed OpenAI in November released the ChatGPT chatbot, which quickly went viral. Tech companies have rushed to embed the technology into products and features and have boasted their ability to use AI to drive cost savings as recession concerns persist.  Microsoft is a major beneficiary of the rise of ChatGPT and tangential products. On top of its hefty investment in OpenAI, the company provides the underlying computing power. Microsoft also has an exclusive license on OpenAI’s models, including the GPT-4 large language model that can spit out natural-sounding words in response to a human’s text input.  Microsoft has incorporated OpenAI tools into its Bing search engine and even the Windows operating system. At the company’s event in February to announce its Bing Chatbot, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said “it’s an exciting time in tech.”  Investors want to see what it all means for Microsoft’s earnings and revenue.  In April, Microsoft finance chief Amy Hood said she expects fiscal fourth-quarter growth for Azure cloud of 26% to 27% year over year in constant currency, with 1 percentage point of it coming from AI services. On Monday, in a public discussion with Microsoft technology chief Kevin Scott, Hood provided more specifics, saying that “the next generation AI business will be the fastest-growing $10 billion business in our history.”  In the past four quarters, Microsoft has generated almost $208 billion in total revenue.  Scott went deeper on Hood’s prediction.  “Because it really is a very general platform, we have lots of different ways that $10 billion of ARR is going to first show up,” he said. ARR stands for annual recurring revenue.  “There is all of the people who want to come use our infrastructure, whether they’re training their own models, whether they are running an open-source model they’ve got or whether they are making API calls into one of the big frontier models that we’ve built with OpenAI,” Scott said.  Following the event, JPMorgan analysts lifted their price target to $350 from $315.  “While MSFT continues to encounter a broad wave of cloud optimizations weighing on Azure growth, we see it planting the longer-term seeds for success across Security, Teams, Power Apps and now the forward-looking OpenAI/ChatGPT investments,” wrote the analysts, who have the equivalent of a buy rating on Microsoft stock.  With Microsoft’s 46% rally this year, the stock has recouped all its losses from 2022, when investors rotated out of technology in anticipation of rising interest rates and economic headwinds.  Negative sentiment around cloud growth and a contracting PC market led to pessimism on Wall Street last year. But the excitement around AI in addition to the cost-cutting measures that tech companies implemented produced a renewed bullishness. The Nasdaq is up 32% this year, doubling the gains in the S&amp;P 500.,;,; 2023-06-16 02:14:37]
[FTC says it will appeal to block Microsoft-Activision deal,;,; The Federal Trade Commission is not giving up on its bid to prevent Microsoft  from closing its $68.7 billion acquisition of game publisher Activision Blizzard . On Wednesday, the agency filed to appeal a federal judge’s decision to deny a request for a preliminary injunction that would have prevented the deal from closing.   The decision comes one day after Judge Jacqueline Scott Corley, at the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, ruled in favor of the two companies.   2023-07-13 00:08:29]
[Google vs. Microsoft,;,; Hey guys,  I'm planning to reduce the percentage of individual stocks holdings in my portfolio once the time is right as my exposure to them is bigger than I'd like (beginner's mistakes plus Bogle influence). Currently it's about 32% and I'd like to get it to 20% tops. I pinpointed the ones that'll go and the situation is that eventually one stock from the pair GOOG and MSFT will have to go as well.   The final decision will be made by me of course, just would like to know opinions of others about this, if you had to pick, which one of these companies would you keep? And why? Pros and cons in your opnion? Let me know your thoughts, will be thankful!  Edit: I will not take anyone's opinion as an (financial) advice, suggestion or anything in that sense. It's just pure discussion.,;,; 2023-03-10 08:29:49]
[Microsoft and Meta expand their AI partnership with Llama 2 on Azure and Windows,;,;   In recent months, the remarkable strides made in AI innovation have ignited a wave of transformative possibilities, captivating our collective imagination with the promise of reshaping industries and the way we work. Today, at Microsoft Inspire, Meta and Microsoft announced support for the Llama 2 family of large language models (LLMs) on Azure and Windows. Llama 2 is designed to enable developers and organizations to build generative AI-powered tools and experiences. Meta and Microsoft share a commitment to democratizing AI and its benefits and we are excited that Meta is taking an open approach with Llama 2. We offer developers choice in the types of models they build on, supporting open and frontier models and are thrilled to be Meta’s preferred partner as they release their new version of Llama 2 to commercial customers for the first time.  Now Azure customers can fine-tune and deploy the 7B, 13B, and 70B-parameter Llama 2 models easily and more safely on Azure, the platform for the most widely adopted frontier and open models. In addition, Llama will be optimized to run locally on Windows. Windows developers will be able to use Llama by targeting the DirectML execution provider through the ONNX Runtime, allowing a seamless workflow as they bring generative AI experiences to their applications.,;,; 2023-07-18 16:12:17]
[FTC to revive fight against Microsoft's acquisition of Activision Blizzard,;,; [  &amp;#x200B;  I just came across some news about the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) bringing back its lawsuit against Microsoft's massive $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard. This move is happening as the UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) seems to be getting closer to approving the deal.        What do you think the FTC is trying to achieve here? it already lost and it seems like it will lose again don't you think?        It's a bit of a rollercoaster ride with the CMA initially blocking the deal and then reviewing Microsoft's revised proposal. Now, the FTC is stepping back into the ring.,;,; 2023-09-28 22:19:39]
[What percentages of your portfolio are allocated in Amazon, Apple, Google and Microsoft?,;,; I believe that these companies are too significant to face failure, and their growth will persist in both the short and long term. Additionally, they will gradually acquire additional market share, even venturing into industries such as automotive, as seen with Apple and Google. They will eagerly invest in promising startups, employing any means necessary to eliminate competition and establish dominance. With abundant financial resources and exceptional intellect, they possess the ability to expand continuously. And they will be overvalued too if not already.  Yet I'm slowly moving my portfolio to have more and more these stocks. I'm curious what percentages of your portfolio are allocated in AMZN, AAPL, GOOG and MSFT?  Ignore the portions in your ETFs. (I understand index fund is the way but may be that's not for me),;,; 2023-06-07 04:59:46]
[Microsoft restricts employee access to OpenAI’s ChatGPT, citing security concerns,;,;   Microsoft has invested billions of dollars in OpenAI. But employees of the software company aren’t allowed to use the startup’s most famous product, ChatGPT, CNBC has learned.  “Due to security and data concerns a number of AI tools are no longer available for employees to use,” Microsoft said in an update on an internal website.  Microsoft and OpenAI representatives did not immediately respond to requests for comment.  “While it is true that Microsoft has invested in OpenAI, and that ChatGPT has built-in safeguards to prevent improper use, the website is nevertheless a third-party external service,” Microsoft said. “That means you must exercise caution using it due to risks of privacy and security. This goes for any other external AI services, such as Midjourney or Replika, as well.”  Many large companies have restricted access ChatGPT, often to prevent the sharing of confidential data. Having been trained on extensive internet data, ChatGPT composes human-like responses to people’s chat messages. The service has over 100 million users.  The ChatGPT website was blocked on Microsoft workers’ internal devices as of Thursday afternoon.  The update recommends people use Microsoft’s own Bing Chat tool, which relies on OpenAI artificial intelligence models. The two companies are closely tied. Microsoft has also been busy this year bringing out updates to its Windows operating system and Office applications that take advantage of OpenAI services, which in turn run on Microsoft’s Azure cloud infrastructure.,;,; 2023-11-09 23:27:37]
[Antitrust: Commission opens investigation into possible anticompetitive practices by Microsoft,;,; The Commission is concerned that Microsoft may be abusing and defending its market position in productivity software by restricting competition in the European Economic Area (‘EEA') for communication and collaboration products.    These practices may constitute anti-competitive tying or bundling and prevent suppliers of other communication and collaboration tools from competing, to the detriment of customers in the European Economic Area (‘EEA').   If proven, the behaviour under investigation may breach EU competition rules, which prohibit the abuse of a dominant position (Article 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (‘TFEU')).  Source:  2023-07-28 13:10:27]
[Insomniac, a top videogame developer's leaks reveal how much money Marvel makes as a licensor &amp; panic over Microsoft's acquisition of Acti.,;,; *All the information here are already reported by other sources including Reuters, Nasdaq &amp; Market Watch; nothing here comes from the leaks directly. This ransomware attack took place December 19 2023. After refusing a 2-million dollar ransom, the hackers dumped 1.7 terabyte of 1.3 million files. Important reveals:*  ............  ***\*Marvel - Insomniac licensing terms for an upcoming game (X-men; one of 4 upcoming)***:  *In the late 2010's Iger closed Disney's gaming divisions retaining a small staff whose sole function is to license out &amp; creatively cooperate and supervise: Marvel Games, Lucasfilm Games...etc*. *The 2010's saw a shift in video gaming where emphasis shifted to making few games but of supreme quality, narrative and graphics. These games today are incredibly expensive costing at times $200-300mil*. *One of those games is Spiderman2 just released to become the fastest selling video game in Playstation history*. *In the leaks, licensing terms are defined by Marvel for the game developer:*  ***-Conditions on budget:*** *each game gets at least* ***$120 million*** *for production and* ***$30*** *million for marketing.*  *-****Exclusivity:*** *Disney doesn't release licensed characters in any other video game; total of 4 up until* ***2035****.*  ***-Marvel Royalties:*** *several tiers depending on number of sales. If sales are above 7 million units: Disney gets* ***26% of net digital sales*** *(includes DLCs),* ***18% of physical sales***\*, and finally\* ***50% of bundled games***\*.\*  *Disney has multiple deals with multiple game developers simultaneously. Marvel for example has deals with other game developers like Bethesda in addition to Insomniac. This also includes Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Avatar...etc. All that royalty almost completely goes to their bottom line having only to finance a small staff for licensing.*  .............  ***\*Microsoft's acquisition of Activision will leapfrog Sony past their current pillars:***  *Sony allegedly goes into detail about how it views Microsoft's position moving forward. Described by Sony as "the leapfrog," the slide details how Microsoft is aiming to build a mobile gaming store to compete with Apple and Google, as per previous information. It also details how Microsoft could build a comprehensive ecosystem across mobile, PC, and console, referring to Xbox Game Pass as "GP" throughout. Sony details how its "pillars" are "dated," and behind Microsoft, referring to Microsoft's growing service game portfolio across titles like Sea of Thieves, Halo Infinite, and Minecraft. Sony also notes its need to "respond," although its service game efforts have hit snags recently, with Destiny's upcoming expansion delayed, and The Last of Us Online wholly cancelled.*  ..............  ***\*Video games have become more and more expensive, similar to films, compelling a change in strategy:***  *Sony details how difficult it's getting to actually get a return on investment for AAA games — an issue that is plaguing the entire industry right now. Sony expresses how a $500 million game might not break even in the first year, which is upending how publishers are thinking about platforms like PC and mobile as they seek profitability and less risky investments.*  *To that end, Sony's "strategic pillars" seem to detail an intent to eventually launch games more quickly, or even day one on Windows PCs, as part of its multi-platform pillar.*  ***............End of Article.............***  ***Sources:*** [*  [* 2024-01-23 12:51:14]
[Microsoft vs Nvidia for investing into Ai?,;,; Just curious on thoughts between these two companies. I feel like Nvidia is overpriced and has been since 380, but it keeps on climbing and they seem to be the go to stock for Ai. I've got about 20k i want to put in and with Microsofts new subscription service that includes the use of Ai integration, am considering in them. I'm hoping down the road the earnings report will indicate a profit that will boost Microsoft further?  Any thoughts?,;,; 2023-07-18 19:10:01]
[How will Microsoft Security Copilot affect cyber security stocks,;,; In Microsoft's annual report it speaks of how over 1 million organizations at 20 billion in annual revenue already.  I can see how organizations using Azure and their other products would integrate this and it will grow.  Do you see this affecting other cyber security companies like Crowdstrike and PANW being affected by this?  Or is their enough growth for the competition?,;,; 2024-01-22 00:35:29]
[Question regarding successful companies such as Microsoft apple Amazon etc,;,; So I'm new to investing and right now plan on holding very long term. Just opened a roth account and researching career opportunities to make more to funnel into stocks actually max out my roth annually right now I don't make enough which kinda socks.  Anyways my question can these companies grow their share prices when they already maximized their markets I mean how much more money can they make per year? I feel like it's a matter of holding on to key business to not lose to a competitor but as far as growth there is no more. So would that equate to the share prices hovering or slightly increasing? Like in the 90s apple had a small market with their desktops then in the early 2000s started ipods laptops then the iPhone there was so much of a market to expand upon and so much money to be made. Now everyone has an iPhone and MacBook its about keeping that consumer trend going.   So if I want to make the most out of investments I need to find companies that are like apple in early 2000s. Or can I put money in these giant companies and still see a lot of growth? Also I understand they do stock splits to offer more and keep shares down so will that continually happen making great returns possible?,;,; 2023-12-14 05:31:21]
[Sold Activision $95 call for Jan 24. What will happen to it if the Microsoft deal goes through?,;,; Sold a covered call for ACTI 95 call for a premium of some 200 USD with expiry in Jan 24. What happens when the Microsoft deal goes though? Microsoft is valuing each stock at $95 and it is supposed to be done by the expiry.   Does that mean the moment deal is approved by regulators the price of the call will plummet allowing me to buy it back? Or will it increase and then somehow in January 24 I’m going to have to sell someone a non existent stock at $95 per stock value.   Edit: I know the general dynamics of options and the trade I made. But this is a edge scenario. Was not quite understanding why anyone would pay to buy options which have a higher break even point than the premium Microsoft is paying for it. Thought there probably is some options loophole I am not aware of.,;,; 2023-04-06 08:36:12]
[Microsoft Pushes AI-Powered Tools for Telecoms. It’s Targeting Amazon.,;,;   Microsoft latest drive in artificial intelligence is providing AI-powered services to help telecommunications companies manage their networks. It’s a move that takes aim at Amazon, as both technology companies look to gain from the telecom industry’s move toward cloud-computing platforms.   Microsoft is launching a new AI-enabled cloud platform for telecom companies, named Azure Operator Nexus. It has already been provided to AT&amp;T, the company said late Sunday, just before the industry’s flagship show, the Mobile World Congress, began on Monday.  Microsoft acquired AT&amp;T ’s cloud-platform technology in 2021, in the process landing one of the biggest clients in the sector.  “Azure Operator Nexus has already been released to our flagship customer, AT&amp;T, and the results have been incredibly positive. Now, we’re selectively working with operators for potential deployments around the world,” Yousef Khalidi, a corporate vice president at Microsoft, said in a blog post.   The launch comes as carriers such as AT&amp;T and Verizon face pressure to show better returns on investments in 5G networks. Microsoft said that Nexus will make carriers’ networks more efficient through the use of AI and automation.   Microsoft is taking on Amazon Web Services as it looks to expand its market share in cloud-computing services for telecoms. Amazon last week announced the launch of its AWS Telco Network Builder, which it said would make it easier for telecom companies to build their operations in the cloud.  Google’s parent, Alphabet is also seeking to attract telecoms companies, as it looks to catch up with Amazon and Microsoft in cloud revenue. On Monday, Google Cloud said it was launching three new products for telecom companies, including an AI-powered tool for analyzing subscriber behavior.,;,; 2023-02-27 17:22:08]
[Can Microsoft just close it's acquisition of Activision before Tuesday July 18th, 2023?,;,; It looks like Microsoft is waiting on the CMA for approval. To avoid renegotiating a higher price with Activision, will Microsoft just close before Tuesday and deal with any issues from the UK later? Activision's business has been way better since the acquisition with CoD: MW2, huge Diablo launch, and mobile outperforming the industry.  I wouldn't be surprised if Activision wanted at least $10 billion or maybe more. Any penalties from the UK would probably be less so it sounds smart for Microsoft to just close the acquisition as soon as possible.,;,; 2023-07-16 18:12:53]
[Nasdaq 100 Plans Special Rebalance To Curb Dominance Of 'Magnificent Seven' (apple, meta, google, Microsoft, Tesla..),;,; From     The Nasdaq 100 index is set to adjust the weighting of its 100 components, with the "magnificent seven" stocks Microsoft (MSFT), Apple, Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA), Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL), Meta Platforms (META) and Amazon.com (AMZN) currently accounting for more than half the index's weight.  The magnificent seven stocks largely fell Monday.  The Nasdaq 100 special rebalance will take place before the market open on Monday, July 24, to "address overconcentration in the index by redistributing the weights."  The weighting changes will be announced on Friday, July 14. No stocks will be added or removed.  The Nasdaq 100 includes the 100 largest non-financial Nasdaq components.   How Is the Nasdaq 100 Weighted? The Nasdaq 100 index is a modified market-capitalization index. Market valuation is the largest factor, but with methodology to limit overconcentration.  The seven-largest companies in the Nasdaq 100 account for 55% of the index. It seems likely that this combined weighting will be reduced. It's also likely that there may be notable weighting shifts within these seven giants.  The current weights show that market capitalization is the dominant factor, but it's not the only one.  Microsoft stock has the largest weight, at 12.9%, as of July 7. Apple stock has a 12.5% weight, despite having a $2.999 trillion market cap vs. Microsoft's $2.51 trillion.  Google stock has a 7.4% weighting with the GOOGL and GOOG share classes combined.  Nvidia stock has vaulted to a 7% Nasdaq 100 weighting, thanks to its $1.05 trillion market cap. That's a slightly larger weight than Amazon stock (6.9%), even though the latter has a significantly higher valuation at $1.33 trillion.  Tesla stock and Meta Platforms round out the top-seven members, with weights of 4.5% and 4.3%, respectively.  Just for reference, for the entire Nasdaq composite, Apple stock had an 11.4% weighting as of July 7 while Microsoft was at 9.5%. GOOGL stock is at 5.8% while Amazon and Nvidia are at 5.1% and 4%, respectively. TSLA stock has 3.3% share and META stock is at 2.8%.  How Much Will Nasdaq 100 Megacaps Be Cut? Based on Nasdaq 100 methodology, the combined weight of the five companies with the largest market caps will be set to 38.5%. The five-largest companies, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Amazon and Nvidia had a combined weight of 46.7%. That suggests some notable reduced weightings for these names.  Meanwhile, no component outside the top-five market cap companies can have a Nasdaq 100 exceeding the lesser of 4.4% or the weight of the stock with the fifth-largest market valuation. That points to at least a slight decline in TSLA stock's weight.  The official reweightings should be released on Friday, perhaps after the close. That will also include stocks that will see increased weightings.  Magnificent Seven Soar In 2023 The Invesco QQQ ETF (QQQ), which tracks the big-cap Nasdaq index, was up 37.5% in 2023 through July 7. The First Trust Nasdaq 100 Equal Weighted Index ETF (QQEW), which gives an equal weight to all 100 stocks, is up just 18.8%.  This largely reflects massive moves by megacaps this year. NVDA stock has nearly tripled (191%). META stock has soared 141% while TSLA stock is up 123%. AMZN stock has leapt 54.5%. AAPL stock has run up 47% and MSFT stock nearly 41%. Google stock is up a still-robust 35%.  There is some concern that this handful of names is distorting the health of the overall stock market, which is likely what's spurring the special rebalancing.  Will Nasdaq 100 Special Rebalance Affect Stock Prices? The Nasdaq 100 special rebalance will spur stock allocation shifts among ETFs such as QQQ and mutual funds that track the index. So there could be some one-off gains or losses, perhaps as the planned changes are announced on July 14.  However, the impacts may be modest. For one, the big-cap Nasdaq index is going to adjust weightings, vs. a full addition or deletion. Also, far more money tracks the S&amp;P 500, which is why S&amp;P 500 component changes get a lot more attention than Nasdaq 100 moves.  The S&amp;P 500 index, unlike the Nasdaq 100, is a pure market-cap weighted index.  Most of the "magnificent 7" stocks retreated Monday. Nvidia stock fell just 0.8%, while Apple slipped 1.1%. more than 1% intraday. Microsoft stock retreated 1.6%, TSLA 1.8% and Amazon 2%. GOOGL stock sank 2.5%.  The one exception: META stock climbed 1.2%, as Meta's new Threads app topped 100 million sign-ups in less than a week.  Megacaps weighed on the Nasdaq 100, which fell intraday before eked out a gain. The equal-weight QQEW jumped 1.8%.,;,; 2023-07-10 20:25:37]
[can someone explain to me why investing in Mutual funds/ETFs isn't just giving money to Microsoft and Apple,;,; This might be the dumbest question I have ever asked. But when Americans pour billions of dollars every year into popular Mutual funds/ETFs that track popular indexes like the Sp500... isn't most of that money going into the biggest companies of these indexes? Or am I completely misunderstanding how ETFs work.  Like Apple for example is almost 10% of the SP500 last I checked. And so when everyone and their mother is putting away 10% of their paycheck into the SP500, isn't that billions of dollars going directly to Apple shares making them grow even that much more?  Asked another way, how much are Fidelity and Vanguard responsible for Big Tech market cap growth? ,;,; 2024-01-22 06:02:47]
[Microsoft stock hits a record high. Why its next move might be lower,;,; Microsoft stock reached a new all-time closing high—but there could be some hiccups ahead in the short term.        Microsoft's stock rose 1.1% to $360.53 on Tuesday. That's a new closing high, topping the previous high of $359.49 set on July 18. Furthermore, Microsoft has won for eight days in a row, its longest winning streak since January 28, 2021.        The stock has been helped by the company’s strong earnings and sales, which got a boost from the Azure cloud business.        But it’s not just earnings. Microsoft was already outperforming its peers following tech weakness in August and September. Its stock has gained 15% since the end of September, outpacing Amazon.com (AMZN), which has risen 12%, Meta Platforms (META), which has risen 6.5%, Nvidia (NVDA) and Apple (AAPL), which is up 6%, Alphabet (GOOGL) which has ticked up 0.3%, and Tesla (TSLA), which has dropped 13%.        So, why be concerned? It all comes down to the 14-day relative strength index from Microsoft. The RSI, or Relative Strength Index, is a measure of a stock's or index's momentum, or lack thereof. The closer it comes to 20 on the negative, the more oversold it is, while a score close to 80 indicates that the stock is extremely overbought. A value below 30 usually indicates that a stock is about to rally, while a score above 60 indicates a likely decline. Microsoft's RSI is at 72.75, indicating that it is becoming quite overbought and that a pullback is possible.        That doesn’t mean Microsoft isn’t worth buying for its long-term potential. The company has a lot to recommend, including a cloud business that should get a boost as ChatGPT, which held its developer conference yesterday, looks to expand. It just means that investors might get a better opportunity to pick up shares in the days ahead.        ,;,; 2023-11-08 11:35:51]
[Activision Blizzard pops 8% as UK regulator narrows inquiry scope on Microsoft merger,;,; [Activision Blizzard pops as UK regulator narrows inquiry scope on Microsoft merger](  Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ:ATVI) shares surged nearly 8% in premarket trading on Friday after the U.K.'s antitrust regulator "provisionally concluded" that the proposed deal would not reduce competition in the console gaming market.  "The [Competition and Markets Authority] has provisionally concluded that the anticipated acquisition by Microsoft Corporation of Activision Blizzard, Inc. will not result in a substantial lessening of competition in relation to console gaming in the UK," the agency wrote in a statement.,;,; 2023-03-24 14:02:17]
[Microsoft Q3 Earnings - Room for improvement,;,; Microsoft surpassed everyone’s expectations with their latest Q3’23 earnings, by beating estimates on their top line revenue and bottom-line net income. Although their growth rates for azured has slowed to 27% from 31%, the growth rate was still better than expectation. Nevertheless, the CEO Satya Nadella has whetted investors’ appetite during the earnings call by announcing the phase of growth for azure, which is Azure OpenAI. With the success of ChatGPT around the world, businesses are excited on the introduction of the Azure OpenAI, which would lead to further revenue growth for Microsoft.  AI-Integration of their product offerings has kept the growth story strong for Microsoft. Prior to their quarterly earnings release, shareholders were worried that Microsoft’s growth would come to a halt, and that this would sink the share price given that they are still currently priced to grow at double digits for years to come. Through this quarter earnings, Microsoft has proved that they are able to integrated AI to their current product offering successfully.  While Microsoft has produced a stellar quarter, there is still some room for improvement due to the share buybacks and dividend increase not keeping up with their growth. While it is debatable that they are increasing their R&amp;D spend for AI, Microsoft has been generating lots of free cash flow, and they can look into providing shareholder value through higher share buybacks or increasing their dividends.  [ 2023-05-02 14:04:36]
[Apple stock closes at an all-time-high, added $1 trillion to its market cap in 2023,;,; Apple (AAPL) achieved a new record high yesterday, closing at $197.96, up 1.67% for the day.         The company consistently outperforms its peers and is one of only five US companies valued at over $1 trillion. Notably, on December 6, 2023, Apple surpassed a $3 trillion total market valuation.         Throughout 2023, Apple increased its market cap by $1 trillion, reaching a total valuation of $4 trillion expected in 2024 if the pace continues.         Other companies with over $1 trillion valuations include Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, and Nvidia. The gap between Apple and Microsoft is around $220 billion.         While these figures are interesting to observe, they don't mean much unless you're a stockholder. Apple's market cap is likely to reach $4 trillion in 2024 if its pace doesn't slow down, and with Apple Vision Pro on the horizon, anything is possible    ,;,; 2023-12-14 11:35:56]
[The Verge - Sam Altman fired as CEO of OpenAI,;,;   * Sam Altman has been fired as CEO of OpenAI, the company announced on Friday.   * Former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman is leaving after a ‘deliberative review process’ by the company’s board.  * Altman has largely been the face of OpenAI  “Mr. Altman’s departure follows a deliberative review process by the board, which concluded that he was not consistently candid in his communications with the board, hindering its ability to exercise its responsibilities,” the company said in its blog post. “The board no longer has confidence in his ability to continue leading OpenAI.”   Chief technology officer Mira Murati will be the interim CEO. The company will be conducting a search for the permanent CEO successor. A spokesperson for OpenAI didn’t immediately return The Verge’s call for comment.   This is an extremely sudden turn of events. Just last week, Altman keynoted at the company’s DevDay conference, where it announced a suite of major new updates to compete with other big tech companies like Microsoft and Google. OpenAI arguably kickstarted the current AI arms race with last year’s hugely-popular ChatGPT.  Microsoft, which has invested billions in OpenAI, tells The Verge it will continue to partner with the company. “We have a long-term partnership with OpenAI and Microsoft remains committed to Mira and their team as we bring this next era of AI to our customers,” according to a statement sent by Microsoft spokesperson Frank Shaw.  Altman has reportedly talked with Jony Ive, Apple’s former chief design officer, about making the “iPhone of artificial intelligence,” though Altman downplayed those rumors at a recent Wall Street Journal conference. He’s also the biggest shareholder in Humane, which just launched orders for its Humane AI Pin.  Altman was a co-founder of OpenAI and initially served as a co-chair of the company alongside Elon Musk. Musk left in 2018 to avoid a conflict of interest with Tesla.   OpenAI also announced that co-founder Greg Brockman will be stepping down as chairman of the board, though Brockman will remain at the company.,;,; 2023-11-17 20:45:15]
[What company will be a household name in the next 5-10 years?,;,; If you bought stock in a company that is a household name before it was a household name, you made A LOT of money. Plain and simple.   What company do you see being a household name in the next 5-10 years. I’m talking Apple, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Spotify, Meta, Tesla, McDonalds, Nike, Coke etc. you get the idea.   I know this questions gets asked a lot but I want to stimulate your brains a bit before you answer:  The correct answer to this question will most likely be part of a cutting edge industry. It seems like that was the key to success for all the companies I listed.   Apple / Microsoft  - personal computer boom  Google / Amazon / Netflix / Meta - personal computer applications boom  Tesla - EV vehicle boom  McDonald’s - chain food restraunt boom   Nike - branded clothing boom  Coke - soft drink boom  So the question is simple, what is about to go BOOM and what company will be the spark to ignite the gunpowder?  EDIT - So far my top candidates from people’s responses are:   SOFI (SOFI), Celsius energy drinks (CELH), Rocket Labs (RKLB), Sweet Green (SG), E.L.F Cosmetics (ELF) and Cava (CAVA),;,; 2024-02-08 14:51:01]
[Microsoft acquisition of Activison (how does this work for etfs),;,; I have an etf that has activison in it. With the EU approving the deal for Microsoft to own it,what happens to the shares in the etf? Is it a direct payout since I’m an owner? Do the shares become Microsoft? Or does the fund just get a lump sum from the buyout?,;,; 2023-05-16 20:52:31]
[Activision-Microsoft | What Stocks The Merger Will Affect?,;,; What stocks, will see a change when it finally goes through, Nintendo I could see being a positive, as the deal to bring Cod and others to Nintendo consoles could greatly influence sales. PlayStation, could see a decrease, or increase in Price, or both! What are your thoughts?,;,; 2023-04-11 17:30:18]
[Microsoft signs power purchase deal with nuclear fusion company Helion,;,;   Helion plant will not start before 2028. In the beginning it should generate only 50 megawatts. This new technology is very promising but also very capital intensive which means only few companies will be able to use it.,;,; 2023-05-11 14:15:27]
[$AMD shares up 8% following rollout of new MI300 AI chips,;,; AMD shares surged over 8% after the launch of its latest AI chip, the Instinct MI300, with major players like Microsoft, Meta, and OpenAI set to utilize it. AMD CEO Lisa Su hailed the MI300 as the world's highest-performance accelerators for generative AI. The company forecasted MI300 sales to bring in $2 billion in revenue for 2024.  [ 2023-12-07 17:46:43]
[In 5 Years, Who do You Think Comes out on Top in the AI wars?,;,; Microsoft?  Amazon?  Google?  Apple?  Even maybe Palantir?  Nvidia?  Or more than 1 of them?   I think Microsoft is currently the best positioned with it's larger market share with Azure right now,  but Amazon is catching up with Lex and all of the AWS products.  Google seems way behind both companies.   Microsoft (at least right now) is also the most logically and fairly valued P/E wise (unlike say, Nvidia's astronomical PE) and I may dabble with a few grand bc it's cheap.   They also have good cash on hand and good EPS.    Not sure what to make of Apple or PLTR in the AI game, with PLTR some people say their products are the best and most proprietary and others are just "meh" on PLTR and say they are super overvalued.    So who do you guys think will come out on top in the next few years in the AI arena? ,;,; 2023-09-05 23:48:37]
[How much longer do I need to wait for Microsoft to acquire Activision?,;,; I heard Microsoft was trying to get the deal done by June but idk with these regulators from U.S. &amp; Europe challenging it. Will it be June, earlier, or later I just really want to take profits and get into something else.,;,; 2023-04-10 22:52:18]
[AI companies. What stocks are positioned for the next revolution?,;,; We know Google and Microsoft are well positioned for AI. Microsoft already spent $13B for AI and Google has combined two division into one  department forAI. What we want to know is what other companies future plans for AI. What other AI stocks that you can buy and invest in? Are there any other attractive AI stocks?,;,; 2023-05-07 07:45:16]
[MSFT freezes salaries for FTE's,;,; [  &amp;#x200B;  According to an internal email MSFT will not give salary increases to FTE's this year and has made it harder to get higher bonuses and stock awards.  This basically reverses the salary bump they offered to FTE's last year.  The move was likely taken to stave off further layoffs which have deeply hit the tech sector this past year.,;,; 2023-05-10 16:49:07]
[MSFT Crushes Azure earnings up over 4% AH,;,; [  &amp;#x200B;  Seems to Amy was holding this one close to the vest and knew when to let loose.  Flight to quality is ramping up.  How long can Tech hold ATH with everything else teetering on the edge?,;,; 2023-10-24 20:32:42]
[Bill Gates could have been worth $1.15 Trillion USD by now.,;,; Bill Gates once owned 45% of Microsoft's shares. His stake would be 3,348,450,000 shares if he never  had sold the vast majority of it.  3,348,450,000 X $345.73 USD (Today's closing Price= $1,157,659,618,500.  &amp;#x200B;  I wonder if he regrets not diamond handing his MSFT,;,; 2023-07-17 21:01:15]
[5 stocks to buy and hold for 10 years?,;,; If you have to choose 5 stocks to buy and hold them for 10 years. What’s your choice? I will buy these 5 stocks for me: Microsoft, Amzn, Alphabet, Costco, Pepsi. You should choose 5 stocks not ETF If you see more than 5 stocks, I appreciate it.,;,; 2023-09-02 17:03:35]
[Dow Jones futures rise; a sale at Silicon Valley Bank closes; Microsoft, Tesla near buy points,;,; Dow Jones futures rose slightly Sunday night, along with S&amp;P 500 futures and Nasdaq futures. The bank crisis is still in focus. Headlines have been relatively modest so far this weekend, though a deal may be close for FDIC-controlled Silicon Valley Bank.  A stock market rally attempt is ongoing, but the indexes have been volatile while breadth has been narrow.  The major indexes rose modestly for the week, but came far off weekly highs. The Russell 2000 hit 2023 lows with bank stocks, but small caps and banks edged up for the week.  The rally attempt has relied heavily on big-cap Nasdaq stocks. Apple stock,  Microsoft ($MSFT), Tesla ($TSLA), Regeneron Pharmaceuticals ($REGN), MercadoLibre ($MELI) and Palo Alto Networks ($PANW) are Nasdaq 100 stocks that are holding up well.  REGN stock gapped up into a buy zone late in the week on positive drug trial news. Apple ($AAPL) and Microsoft are just above buy points while Palo Alto is just below an entry. MercadoLibre and Tesla stock are holding key support levels, not far from being actionable. All boast strong relative strength lines. MercadoLibre and PANW stock are on IBD Leaderboard. AAPL stock is on SwingTrader. MSFT stock is on the IBD Long-Term Leaders list. MELI stock is on the IBD 50.   Just because individual stocks are possible buys doesn't mean investors have to act on them. This market rally attempt still needs to confirm its uptrend.   ## Bank News  This weekend has been relatively quiet for banking news, at least in comparison to the prior two weekends. The news generally has been about resolution vs. frantic efforts to avoid systemic collapse.  First Citizens BancShares is in advanced talks to buy SVB Financial's Silicon Valley Bank, Bloomberg reported Sunday evening.  The FDIC has been looking to unload Silicon Valley Bank since taking over more than two weeks ago. Reports last week suggested that the regulator might shoulder some of the underwater assets to smooth the way for a deal.  U.S. regulators could expand an emergency lending facility for banks, with an aim at helping First Republic bolster its balance sheet, Bloomberg reported Saturday, citing sources. Authorities are mulling various options. They don't see any First Republic as needing urgent new help as the California-based bank tries to work out solutions with its advisers.  Late Friday, the Fed reported that deposits at small domestically chartered banks fell by $120 billion in the week March 15, but rose $67 billion at large domestically chartered banks.  On Friday, many banks rebounded from 2023 lows after concerns expanded, at least briefly, to Deutsche Bank. Even Wall Street giants such as JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley undercut recent lows before closing better.  The video embedded in this article discusses the week's market action in depth, while also analyzing MELI stock as well Meritage Homes and PagerDuty, the two most recent IBD Stock Of The Day selections.  [ 2023-03-27 05:57:18]
[I am 22 and I have $35,000 what do I do?,;,; I am 22 and I have a little over $35,000 in savings I currently have it in a High Yields Savings with 4.3% APR. I have gambled a bit in stock in the past but never have “invested” my question is if you were me as in my age with the amount of money I have with how the market is right now. What would you do?   *I have thoughts about pulling it out and putting it in Microsoft/apple or maybe an ETF like SPY/VOO, would that be a bad choice? Very new here, any advice is greatly appreciated!  *Edit, I want to buy a piece of land and build a house on it, that’s my plan.,;,; 2023-11-26 21:02:59]
[Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) $171 A good long term buy,;,; \#AMD’s MI300 chips will be its growth engine for the future and the key reason for buying this stock. While I don’t believe it will get close to Nvidia’s near monopolistic market share of 80% there is ample room for more competitors and AMD will benefit from the AI boom as well.   It recently upped its guidance for 2024 for artificial intelligence-related revenue to $3.5B up from $2B previously.  $AMD Chief Executive Dr. Lisa Su said she had "good confidence" the company will be able to exceed the $3.5B figure this year and the $1.5B run-rate for the coming fourth-quarter. $1.5Bn run rate implies $6Bn in annual sales.   However, based on Citi analyst estimates, AMD is likely to generate $5B this year and $8B next year from the MI300 - they believe that Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META) are the largest customers for the MI300, which was unveiled in December to much fanfare. And with the average selling price at roughly $10,000 for Microsoft and $15,000 or more for other customers, it's possible AMD is purposefully underestimating sales figures, possibly on supply concerns?   For Q4-2023 AMD results were in line with expectations   EPS: $0.77 per share, adjusted, versus $0.77 per share expected   Revenue: $6.17 billion, versus $6.12 billion expected   Data Center revenue $2.28Bn in line V $2.29 expected.   Guidance was light:   Q1-24 $5.4Bn in sales, plus or minus $300 million, V $5.73 Bn expected.   Flat data center revenue with server chip declines to be offset by AI GPU sales. We saw weak data center revenue from Intel, this is definitely some cannibalization and likely to continue, till AI GPU starts taking a larger share of the pie.   Client Group - The recovery in PC’s helped AMD’s client group, which rose 62% year-over-year to $1.46 billion in sales, which the company said was boosted by recent chip launches.   Gaming, which includes “semi-custom” processors for Microsoft Xbox and Sony Playstation consoles, fell 17%. AMD blamed slower console sales, and said it expected semi-custom revenue to decline by a “significant” double-digit percentage in the current quarter. This is a low margin business and drags AMD’s overall margins.   AMD’s embedded segment, which includes chips for networking, reported $1.1 billion in sales, down 24% on an annual basis.,;,; 2024-02-10 22:08:45]
[Google is undervalued,;,; Just to let you guys know.  Google releasing Bard in Europe, 27 more languages etc.  If you play around with it it's basically as good as chatGPT.  It's all inhouse made by google run on their own servers as opposed to the coop openAI+microsoft are having.  I think Google will absolutely crush everyone at the AI game sooner or later.  Google mcap is lagging behind Microsoft but i have a feeling they will catch up,;,; 2023-07-14 07:20:10]
[Apple gets 36% of Google search revenue from Safari, Alphabet witness says,;,;   * Google pays Apple more than a third of its search advertising revenue from Safari under the terms of the two companies’ search default agreement, an Alphabet witness said in open court Monday. * The 36% figure, which was not previously known to the public, is one of the clearest indications of how lucrative Google’s search deal has been for both Apple and the search engine company. * The incidental disclosure from Alphabet’s expert witness Kevin Murphy, a professor of economics at the University of Chicago, was not expected.   Google pays Apple more than a third of its search advertising revenue from Safari under the terms of the two companies’ search default agreement, an Alphabet  witness said in open court Monday amid a protracted antitrust battle between Google and the Department of Justice.  The 36% figure, which was not previously known to the public, is one of the clearest indications of how lucrative Google’s search deal has been for both Apple and the search engine company. Both companies have fought to limit revealing the deals’ details, citing potentially anticompetitive effects.  The incidental disclosure from Alphabet’s expert witness Kevin Murphy, a professor of economics at the University of Chicago, was not expected. Murphy’s testimony came as part of the company’s efforts to fight the Justice Department’s claims that the company illegally maintains dominance over search and advertising markets.  Williams &amp; Connolly antitrust partner John Schmidtlein visibly cringed when Murphy revealed the number, Bloomberg News reported.  The search default agreement is a major focus of the proceedings. Judge Amit Mehta has described the Apple-Google deal as the “heart” of the case. It’s a number Wall Street pays attention to as well. Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi has estimated in a note to clients that Apple would see $19 billion in 2023 revenue as a result of the search engine default deal with Google.  Neither Apple nor Google immediately responded to a request for comment.  Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai defended such deals when he testified in the proceedings. But Google’s competitors have described the arrangement as damaging to their business. Microsoft  CEO Satya Nadella, for example, pushed back in detail when he testified in October.  Nadella said that “every year” he had held the top job at Microsoft, he had “dialogues” with Apple over a default search engine deal for Microsoft’s Bing, even if that meant billions in short-term losses. Nothing had yet come of those talks, Nadella said.  Nadella said that the idea of an “open web” was a misnomer. “Everybody talks about the open web, but there really is the Google web,” he said on the stand.,;,; 2023-11-14 15:30:14]
[We went from FAANG to Mag7 to AI5...what will be the next stock grouping to lead the way?,;,; For a couple years FAANG was all anyone talked about with Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Netflix and Google.  Every CNBC broadcast mentioned the FAANG stocks.  Eventually that went away due to Facebook changing to Meta and the stock getting crushed, along with Netflix hurting.  Next came the Magnificient 7 aka Mag7, which has been Tesla, Nvidia, Apple, Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft.  Now with Tesla and Apple slowing, that has quickly ended.  Finally we've hit the new one called Ai5 of the top 5 AI stocks in MSFT, TSMC, Broadcom, Nvidia, AMD  So what comes next?,;,; 2024-01-31 16:51:04]
[Which big companies do you think will get broken up?,;,; I want to throw some money at  blue chip companies like Apple or Microsoft and it got me thinking “which companies will become  monopolies and be broken up?”  It’s very possible that in the next 40 years there will be some Teddy Roosevelt esque monopoly busting.   Which companies do you think get broken up?,;,; 2023-12-23 06:06:35]
[Open AI's board had safety concerns. Big Tech obliterated them in 48 hours.,;,; Pretty amazing how quick Microsoft capitalized on the turmoil at OpenAI. Very curious as to how this shakes out. There's an article in the LA Times that does a pretty great job analyzing the situation.      2023-11-21 04:59:06]
[Nvidia ($NVDA) is the best risk-reward short over the next few months,;,; On a technical-level, $NVDA is absolutely ridiculous. It's valuation is on-par with it's 2021 peak when the GPU shortage was at it's peak, and it's up almost 100% YTD with its inventories ballooning. Of course, trying to short a company just because it's over-valued or overbought is a fool's errand. You'll quickly find out that great stocks can simply keep going up for months on end. That's why you need a spark, or a narrative shift to get the ball rolling for the stock to reverse.    Fundamentally, $NVDA's enormous bounce has been attributed to Chat GPT and the recent AI movement. Just to be clear, I'm bullish on AI. (not $AI lol) However, up until now $NVDA's narrative has been that they will be the biggest, if not the sole, chip benefactor of the AI wave. Their A100 chip is the bread and butter for AI development while their H100 chip is the much beefier, enterprise-focused one. Don't get me wrong, the H100 is quite amazing and it's recent release will be hard to catch for some time. However, up until this point it's been thought that their lead in chips over AMD and Intel would grant them a large revenue boost over the next few years. Google's timely outperformance of the A100 is a testament that challengers are emerging. Nvidia's lead might end sooner than expected.  As we all know, once a technology trend catches on - the big tech players catch on and move quickly while deploying mountains of cash. Whether it's Apple, Microsoft, or Google - they will compete if the TAM is large enough. Whether it's Microsoft squishing out Zoom and Slack, or Apple ousting Intel CPU chips, or Google leveraging YouTube to compete against TikTok - these corporations do not hesitate to compete at any large opportunity.  I think tonight, the narrative has shifted for AI chips. I think we can all agree that big tech truly understands the dramatic paradigm shift that this AI wave will be. AI has been on the backburner for years up until Chat GPT recently proved that it's coming now. Therefore, would it be surprising that these corporations will try to develop their AI-chips in-house? Apple did it for their CPUs in their macs, thanks to TSMC. If Nvidia controlled and manufactured its own fabs then this discussion would be irrelevant. But that's not the case. Google has apparently already caught up to the A100 with their chip designs. What about Apple or Microsoft? You think they're content with continuing to dump fortunes on Nvidia chips if AI is the future? Of course they're going to develop their own chips in house as well. Hardware is key. That's been a turning point for Meta, and is a large reason they're trying to make VR work. You need to control both the hardware and the software.  tl;dr: OTM Puts on $NVDA for May or June 2023. Expect a 20-30% drop in the coming weeks.,;,; 2023-04-05 03:23:15]
[Regrets.....,;,; First i want to say im new investor currently 2 years in a market got in at ATH end of 2021. Was studying reading and watching a lot of content about investing. Now looking back at stocks last year when tesla was under 100, microsoft at 220,goog,meta, amazon under 90 even bitcoin at 15,16k. I just feel like i missed on so much because i listen to these cnbc clowns some questinable youtubers and stock market crash. Felt scared then and feel regret now.  Just wish i could have another chance to buy these at low levels again.,;,; 2023-11-25 23:18:05]
[Nvidia passes Alphabet in market cap, now the third most valuable U.S. company,;,; Nvidia surpassed Google parent Alphabet in market capitalization on Wednesday. It’s the latest example of how the artificial intelligence boom has sent the chipmaker’s stock soaring.  Nvidia rose over 2% to close at $739.00 per share, giving it a market value of $1.83 trillion to Google’s $1.82 trillion market cap. The move comes one day after Nvidia surpassed Amazon in terms of market value.  The symbolic milestone is more confirmation that Nvidia has become a Wall Street darling on the back of elevated AI chip sales, valued even more highly than some of the large software companies and cloud providers that develop and integrate AI technology into their products.  Nvidia shares are up over 221% over the past 12 months on robust demand for its AI server chips that can cost more than $20,000 each. Companies like Google and Amazon need thousands of them for their cloud services. Before the recent AI boom, Nvidia was best known for consumer graphics processors it sold to PC makers to build gaming computers, a less lucrative market.  Google was largely expected to benefit from AI, especially since employees at the company pioneered many of the techniques — such as transformer architecture — used in cutting-edge models like ChatGPT.  Google shares are still up 55% in the past 12 months, though the company has grappled with layoffs and culture issues after it declared a “code red” situation to build AI services into its products. Google announced a $20 per month AI subscription called Gemini Advanced earlier this week, one of its first paid generative AI products.  Nvidia is now the third largest U.S. company, only behind Apple and Microsoft. Nvidia reports quarterly earnings on Feb. 21. Analysts expect 118% annual growth in sales to $59.04 billion.  Source:  2024-02-15 00:14:14]
[Ken Griffin Now Makes Surprising Claims Confirming Illegal Manipulation,;,; With the markets approaching all-time highs, this might start to matter a lot.  [  &gt;“Firms like Citadel, firms like Fidelity, firms like Viking Global, Capital Research, we’re all running large teams of people that are engaged in fundamental research trying to drive the value of companies towards where we think they should be valued,” says Griffin.  You shouldn't be trying to guess what effect the economy will have on the market. You should be  trying to guess whether firms like Citadel, Fidelity, Viking Global and Capital Research want the prices to move and in what direction. When they make those decisions, it is their own bank accounts they are thinking about, and not yours.  IBM is short 27,365,207 shares at a price of $160 equals $4,378,433,120 shorts would have to pay to close their short positions.   Microsoft is short 53,704,127 shares at a price of $376 equals $20,192,751,752 cost to close.  Apple is short 120,233,720 shares at a price of $192 equals $20,680,199,840 cost to close.  That is $45 Billion on just three stocks that must be somewhere else changing the prices of those assets. It is their piggy bank that you are putting your money in. Be careful!,;,; 2023-12-31 20:18:55]
[Are tech stocks a buy now?,;,; Tech stocks seem to have lost some momentum. I still feel the Big 7 tech stocks are overvalued right now. However, stocks tend to go up in the long term. Is it a good idea to buy tech stocks (Alphabet, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, Nvidia, Meta) right now considering I am in for the long run (10-15 years)? Should I just wait for the prices to reduce further? I am afraid a bull market starts from here and I end up losing the opportunity of buying them at a good price.,;,; 2023-09-23 20:20:55]
[Are stocks telling us a pullback is ahead?,;,; During Thanksgiving week, typically marked by reduced stock trading volume, key stocks like **Microsoft (MSFT)**, **Amazon**, **Adobe Systems**, and **Meta Platforms** hit 52-week highs.    **The S&amp;P 500** had risen 11% from its October low, with its relative strength index (RSI) reaching 71.3, suggesting potential overbought conditions. The Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 also had elevated RSIs, indicating traders' uncertainty amid the battle for control of artificial intelligence. The Dow Jones Industrial Average saw an RSI of 71.2, influenced by Microsoft's new high.    While RSIs above 70 generally warn of a potential pullback, the current levels do not indicate extreme conditions.   Analysts foresee stocks rising into the new year, although gains may be more modest given recent increases since October. A pullback could present a watchful opportunity for bargain hunting.    ,;,; 2023-11-24 10:37:28]
[All of my kid's Stockpile stock was liquidated to pay membership. WTF?!,;,; My 14-year-old (12 at the time) was interested in investing. On my Father-in-law's advice we got a Stockpile account and bought a share or two of Microsoft stock. We largely forgot about it and apparently the emails were going into a spam folder of my Email account. I just saw an email saying that I have insufficient funds to pay my membership. It looks like they went membership awhile back and just started billing that against my son's stock. It was a free app when we signed up and we never agreed to any terms of agreement until today to get into the app. But it looks like we now have a whopping $1.20 in the account. Is this legal? I know this has happened to others, but I haven't been able to get a clear answer on it... Super frustrating and that was a lot of money to my son.,;,; 2023-04-30 22:59:26]
[It’s year 2030, what are the world top 5 largest stocks?,;,; My bets, in no particular order: AMAZON, APPLE, MICROSOFT, BERKSHIRE, and COSTCO.   Amazon's growth is impressive, driven by its expanding e-commerce reach in a market that's still not fully tapped. This juggernaut isn't slowing down anytime soon.  Apple's success lies in its thriving ecosystem, especially its booming services like Apple Music, iCloud or Apple TV. Innovations and strong financials keep it at the forefront, not just maintaining but possibly growing its market presence.  Microsoft stands strong with AI and cloud computing innovations. Its financial resilience and predicted growth in these sectors, along with gaming new bet, make it a likely candidate for continued success.  Berkshire Hathaway's diverse investments by one of the world best capital allocators underpin its steady growth. Their strategic planning and financial acumen, along with discussions on future leadership, suggest a stable and prosperous path ahead.  Costco's growth is powered by its expanding membership and strategic global presence. Their operational efficiency and stable financial performance position them well for the future.  I bet you’ll disagree. Love to hear your thoughts.  Happy Holidays.,;,; 2023-12-22 17:10:44]
[Next week will be insane!,;,; Next week will be a massive week for the stock market with some major companies reporting thier earnings.  * Some of the largest companies in the world will report earnings next week, including big tech companies  Amazon, Alphabet, Microsoft, and Meta Platforms. * Other noteworthy companies scheduled to report earnings will include Coca-Cola, McDonald’s, Visa, Mastercard, Verizon, T-Mobile, UPS, Raytheon, GE, Boeing, ADP, Intel, ExxonMobil, and Chevron, among others. * On Thursday, the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) will release its advance estimate for first-quarter gross domestic product (GDP). * On Friday, we’ll receive a key update on inflation with the Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) Price Index—the Federal Reserve’s preferred inflation gauge—for March.  [o94h4yubaava1.png (1920×1080) (redd.it)]( 2023-04-22 00:16:55]
[Samsung’s profit plunged 95% to its lowest level since 2009 as chip demand slumps,;,; &gt;South Korean electronics giant Samsung’s operating profit plunged in the first quarter as prices for its memory chips continued to fall and demand remained weak.   &gt;   &gt;Here are Samsung’s earnings at a glance in the first quarter:    &gt;   &gt;**Revenue:** 63.75 trillion Korean won (about $47.6 billion), down 18% year-on-year. That is on par with [Samsung’s own guidance of approximately 63 trillion Korean won]( but below the 63.9 trillion won expected by analysts, according to Refinitiv consensus estimates.   &gt;   &gt;**Operating profit:** 640 billion Korean won (roughly $478.55 million), down from 14.12 trillion won a year earlier. The company [issued guidance earlier this month]( saying Q1 profit would be 600 billion Korean won.   &gt;   &gt;This is the company’s lowest operating profit since the first quarter of 2009.   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;**Samsung sees memory recovery ahead**   &gt;   &gt;Traditionally, Samsung’s biggest profit driver is its semiconductor division which consists of sales of memory chips that go into everything from personal computers to smartphones to servers in data centers.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung posted a 4.58 trillion Korean won loss at its semiconductor business versus a 8.45 trillion won profit in the same period last year.   &gt;   &gt;During the pandemic, smartphone and PC makers stockpiled chips as demand for consumer devices increased, but they are now grappling with excess inventories as consumers cut back on purchases of these goods due to rising inflation. This has led to a fall in prices for the memory chips that Samsung sells.   &gt;   &gt;The South Korean giant said this month [it would be making a “meaningful”]( cut in memory chip production, following the lead of smaller rivals such as SK Hynix and Micron.   &gt;   &gt;“Samsung Electronics announced the disappointing number for the first quarter, but at the same time, they announced a meaningful production cut amid the severe memory chip downturn. After that, the market reacted positively on the news,” SK Kim of Daiwa Securities Capital Markets told CNBC’s “Squawk Box Asia” on Thursday.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung did however forecast a recovery in the second-half of the year.   &gt;   &gt;“Demand is expected to gradually recover in 2H amid projections that customer inventory levels will have declined,” Samsung said.   &gt;   &gt;[Samsung said it expects limited demand recovery]( as large-scale data centers invest more conservatively and customers continue to adjust inventories. Samsung also expects launches of new smartphones, PC promotions and expansion of new CPU adoption to boost memory chip demand.   &gt;   &gt;SK Hynix, a competitor to Samsung, [also guided for a recovery in memory chips]( when it reported a record quarterly loss on Wednesday,   &gt;   &gt;“If we got a rebound, it’s mostly driven by the production cut and some restocking demand. So we see, despite the disappointing earnings number, some positive investor sentiment on the stock,” said Kim.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung’s stock was around 0.6% higher on Thursday.   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;**S23 Ultra gives mobile a boost**   &gt;   &gt;During the first quarter, Samsung launched its latest lines of flagship [smartphones called the S23 series]( which gave its mobile division a boost.   &gt;   &gt;Revenue at its mobile business grew 22% versus the previous quarter to 30.74 trillion won, but was down 2% versus the same period last year. Operating profit came in at 3.94 trillion won, up 3% year-on-year.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung was helped by sales of its highest priced smartphone — the $1,200 S23 Ultra.   &gt;   &gt;“The premium market grew in terms of both volume and value even amid weak smartphone demand caused by lingering macro uncertainties,” Samsung said in a statement. “Sales grew and profitability recovered to reach double-digits on the back of strong sales of new premium models, centering on S23 Ultra, and efforts to enhance operational efficiencies.”   &gt;   &gt;Overall, Samsung’s smartphone division appeared to remain resilient amid an overall tough quarter for the industry. Shipments of smartphones fell 13% year-on-year in the first quarter of the year, according to data released Thursday by market research firm Canalys. Samsung reclaimed the top spot globally in terms of smartphone market share, Canalys said.   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;**Tech recovery underway?**   &gt;   &gt;Samsung is the latest tech company globally to report earnings after numbers from U.S. technology giants [Alphabet]( [Microsoft]( and [Meta](   &gt;   &gt;Daniel Yoo, head of global asset allocation at Yuanta Securities Korea, pointed to strong results from these American tech firms.   &gt;   &gt;Meta saw [first-quarter sales boosted by advertising from Chinese companies]( while Microsoft posted [third-quarter results]( that beat analyst expectations on both the top and bottom lines.   &gt;   &gt;“I do think that the recovery story is coming. And the good factor is that despite such poor profit numbers coming through, we are seeing sharp prices stabilizing,” Yoo said on CNBC’s “Street Signs Asia” on Thursday.  Source: [ 2023-04-27 11:41:49]
[Why is Apple considered a stellar stock when the stock price has been at the same level since 2021?,;,; People on this sub are head over heels for Apple, yet it sits at $182. In 2021, it peaked at $179.  Apple has a great business model and is a cash cow, but why is it that the stock hasn’t seen the kind of growth Microsoft has, for instance?   Is Apple going to be a Coca-Cola type play but for the tech sector?,;,; 2024-02-17 18:48:08]
[Bank of England warns U.S. tech stock valuations may be out of whack,;,; * Valuations for U.S technology stocks may be too high given the current macroeconomic backdrop and spike in rates, according to the Bank of England. * The U.K. central bank’s comments come at a time when many popular technology stocks trade at a sharp premium to the S&amp;P 500 on a price-to-earnings basis.  Even after a pullback in some technology shares following the recent climb in rates, the price-to-earnings ratios for Microsoft, Alphabet and Nvidia sit at 29, 21 and 31 times next 12-month earnings, respectively. By comparison, the PE for the S&amp;P 500 sits at roughly 18 times.   2023-10-10 21:48:41]
[Which Current Giants Will Stay on Top in 2052?,;,; I hear a lot talk about how great google, apple, microsoft, amazon etc are at this subreddit but how many of these do you actually think will hold their top 10 title in 30 years time?  And why do you think that?,;,; 2023-12-25 14:17:44]
[EU lists Alphabet, Amazon, Meta and three other tech giants as ‘gatekeepers’ under new competition rules,;,; EU lists Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Microsoft and ByteDance as gatekeepers.  They have 6 months to comply with the Digital Markets Act.  If no changes are made, firms could face fines up to 10% of their total global turnover. 20% for repeated infringement.       2023-09-06 12:15:34]
[The most valuable stock on the US stock market in the next 40 years.,;,; In the next 40 years, the next number 1 stock on the US stock market won't be Apple or Microsoft but it exists today. It's either a nano or small cap penny stock that will grow to eventually be the most valuable stock in world. I have no idea which one it is but there's a small subset of investors who are investing in it right now. In 40 years they will be multi millionaires because they chose to invest $100/$1,000/$10,000 into it now. Just like there were investors who were techies in their 20s in the 1980s investing in Apple and Microsoft back then and are now multi millionaires in their 60s.,;,; 2023-08-06 14:39:45]
[Companies to avoid or who will gain due to AI? Suggestions please and why, but exclude the magnificent 7 as they been talked to death.,;,; Hi,  I have seen a lot of discussion about redundancies due to advancement in AI, so I wanted to know what people think will be gainers or losers in the AI race, excluding the obvious (Google, Microsoft, Meta, Nvidia).  For example, would Adobe or getty pictures be a gainer or looser if everyone can make their own pictures via MidJourney, or Oracle or CRM if they develop a customer service chatbot that can lookup your records, or even some phama software companies that could use AI for better clinical trials.  Of course, please exclude the obvious, and vaporware (Kodak blockchain AI),;,; 2024-01-20 10:37:45]
[Is using stocks as a form of savings valid?,;,; Looking to save about 40k within the next 2-3 years and was wondering if y’all would suggest investing it between “simple and stable” stocks like Amazon, Microsoft etc or if it’s a better option to just use a savings account.. thanks! And give ur opinion, please skip the “it’s up to you” I understand that.. thanks!!,;,; 2024-01-28 22:43:47]
[Which companies (will) compete with NVIDIA for AI ?,;,; First of all, what exactly makes NVIDIA a leader in the field of AI which made their stock go up more than 200% this year, and which companies do you see capable of competing with them in that respect?  I mean, most of big tech like Microsoft (OpenAI partnership), Google, Apple and so on are creating tools in the field of AI or machine learning as Apple likes to call it, so what makes NVIDIA stand out and who can compete with them in that area?  If it's more of a hardware thing, what about AMD, Intel and other chipmakers?  Aside from existing companies, any new (smaller) companies to look out for and why?,;,; 2023-11-26 00:35:17]
[Nvidia hits $1 trillion market cap,;,;   Nvidia briefly hit a $1 trillion market cap at the open Tuesday, joining a small club of mostly technology companies. Nvidia’s shares have to hold above $404.86 to maintain that distinction throughout the day. The chipmaker’s stock rocketed last week after it posted quarterly earnings with top- and bottom-line numbers that significantly beat consensus estimates. Nvidia’s gain buoyed other chipmakers, with the notable exception of Intel, and was also fueled in part by estimates that were more optimistic than expected.  Significantly, Nvidia forecast $11 billion in sales for the fiscal second quarter of 2024 alone. Expected sales were 50% higher than consensus estimates of $7.15 billion. It’s been a banner year for chipmakers, parts of the tech industry and the Nasdaq, driven in part by the AI frenzy and the possibility of slowing Federal Reserve rate hikes. Alongside Nvidia, Alphabet, Meta and Microsoft were also buoyed in last week’s trading.  Nvidia’s graphics processing units, or GPUs, are critical to generative AI platforms like OpenAI’s ChatGPT and Google’s Bard. The company has historically been a leader in the so-called “discrete” or standalone GPU field, but until recently, many consumers thought of GPUs as primarily used for intensive gaming. The advent of crypto mining and AI has upended that belief, and GPU manufacturers and suppliers, including Nvidia, AMD and TSMC, have seen share prices rise significantly over the last few months. By contrast, Intel, which struggled with inventory issues and development challenges, has been historically focused on the chip market for central processing units, or CPUs. The company hasn’t shared, comparatively, in the wave of investor interest.,;,; 2023-05-30 13:56:48]
[How foolish would it be to have your entire portfolio just be the leading tech stocks?,;,; My understanding is that most of the gains of the S&amp;P500 disproportionally come from the big boys like Apple, amazon, Microsoft, Google, etc.   How viable would it be as a strategy to just make your portfolio only these big players? Pros and cons to this?,;,; 2023-08-24 05:51:10]
[What is the argument NOT to short COINBASE? $COIN,;,; I like to short or buy companies' stocks ahead of earnings. I use basic website analytics from Semrush to help me make my decision.  I haven't see a website lose so much monthly traffic like [Coinbase.com]( has. How could they possible raise guidance? Would a giant earnings miss be already priced in? It seems major tech companies (FB, Microsoft, Apple, Google) are making a comeback but 'miscellaneous' tech companies are losing value. For instance, I shorted $PINS last week and made 20%. In addition to COIN this week I have my eye on shorting ETSY, but I am long SOFI for Monday.  [  What earnings plays do you like this week??,;,; 2023-04-30 19:52:57]
[Which tech stocks should a 21-year old buy for long term hold?,;,; I’m currently college student pursuing a tech degree. I’m currently working as an intern at a big tech company and my parents have generously proposed to me that they’ll  $2000 dollars of my own money if I buy tech stocks at the end of my internship. I was thinking about just investing into the big 4 reliable tech companies(Apple, Amazon, Microsoft and Google) mostly due to my own research with AI and how I think that all 4 will capitalize the most on AI in the next decade. Is this a good idea to buy $1000 worth of stock for each company? What are the pros and cons of doing this? Is there any other companies I should consider?,;,; 2023-07-01 01:52:21]
[Are we on the verge of another crash?,;,; There weren't that many positive earnings even. Microsoft had bad guidance and Apple had declining sales. Moody downgraded a bunch of banks. BlackRock CEO also just sold 7% of his shares again.   I was looking at my stock list and I'm seeing lots of companies that are half from their all time high. Target, Best Buy, Dominos, Pappa John, Ford, GM, Intel, SouthWest, Delta, AT&amp;T. The ones that are solid solid like P&amp;G, J&amp;J, etc. are going sideways. How is the S&amp;P 500 still near the all time high?   This doesn't seem right. Who in their right mind think it's good to have another crash? Can you imagine some of the companies I listed go lower? I can't imagine the tech companies that are 1/10th of their high.   You can't just put more money into companies like P&amp;G, J&amp;J, Exxon, United Health meanwhile the other companies are evaporating and say that the market is doing well. ,;,; 2023-08-09 20:35:32]
[Why not $ORI?,;,; Since february 1st, 2021 i've owned both microsoft and old republic insurance. In that time, Microsoft has returned 62.1% and 18.8% annualized which is amazing. During that same span, Old Republic has returned 62.4% and 18.9% annualized. And that is not including  two special dividends from ORI which are outstanding and putting it head and shoulders above microsoft.  So why aren't we talking about old republic more??,;,; 2023-11-20 06:11:13]
[Have we moved beyond dividend paying big companies?,;,; Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Apple, Nvidia, Meta....all behemoths in today's stock market, pay very little, or no dividends at all, although they are the highest companies by market cap.  This is a stark contrast to the big companies in the last decades, be it Banks, oil companies, utilities....  Are the expectations different now? Is it just because a company is considered a software or internet related, then the stock is considered a growth stock? I don't get it. Amazon or Google are giant multinationals than will now grow as much as some AI or gaming startup, IMO they should be paying dividends to their shareholders, or are we past that line of thinking now?,;,; 2023-10-27 13:42:50]
[Anyone else think Google has a lot of growth left ?,;,; Google has a 1.64 trillion market cap. It’s the 4th biggest in the world. A part of me seems to believe that once you’re on top, there’s nowhere to go but down. But I also feel like there are many ways Google could increase their revenues.         YouTube still has untapped potential. Google could make it so users can directly buy the products they see in videos without leaving YouTube, which would make the life of content creators a lot easier and could be a huge cash cow.         A lot of their apps (Docs, Sheets, Maps, etc.) are still free while competitors like Microsoft charge a lot for similar products.         Google Search still has 88% of the search engine market share and I believe the integration of generative AI (which should come soon) will increase their revenues.        Many of their other apps seem promising as well.        I think Google has a lot of upside, but I’m afraid my bias (I like the company) is clouding my judgment. Should I look to invest in a smaller cap company or does Google still have significant room to grow ?    &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-08-10 20:50:28]
[Here’s my portfolio, 13% return after ~1 year. What should I improve?,;,; Hello! I’m 21 yo, investing every month into this pie I made. I also buy S&amp;P500 monthly. I achieved around 3-4% higher return on individual stocks compared to S&amp;P.  I wanna hold this as long as possible.   Apple 15% Microsoft 8% Google C 8% Amazon 5% Coca-Cola 5% Berkshire 5% McDonalds 5% Nvidia 5% Mastercard 4% Procter &amp; Gamble 4% UPS 4% Disney 3% Tesla 3% Realty income 3% Qualcomm 3% AMD 3% AbbVie 3% Cisco 3% Nike 3% Monster beverage 3%,;,; 2023-08-09 15:43:38]
[Is big tech running into a wall?,;,; One of the interesting things with the huge growth of the FAANG names over the last decade of do is that they have all grown in their own lane. Google did search, Apple did hardware, Microsoft was software, Facebook had social, etc...  It looks like these companies are starting to try to move into each other's territory. MSFT is pushing into search with chat GPT, apple is seeing large retailers (Spotify being notable) to incentivize buying through their website as opposed to the app store. Facebook is feeling the pinch of apple's restrictions. Google is moving into the cloud....etc.   I'm thinking these companies will have a hard time keeping up their growth of the last decade because they are starting to have fearsome competition form the first time in ages, from each other.   Any thoughts?  Edit: I've been out of big tech for awhile now. Just wanted other opinions.,;,; 2023-02-27 18:29:30]
[Which company are you willing to buy its shares but never their products/services?,;,; I am curious if you all have such cases. I've learned over the years that it's easier to invest in companies whose products/services I use but it's not really the best strategy as personal biases apply (ex: I use ASOS a lot for my clothes but their share has been getting hammered since the post-pandemic peak).  So, I've decided to actually search for solid companies to buy, even if I don't buy their products. Two quick examples of mine:  1. AAPL: Probably the most well-run company in recent years. I never owned a single Apple product, as I've always considered them overpriced and my stubborn-ass being fixated on android phones and microsoft products. But I cannot dispute how well the company is ran and able to secure a loyal customer line and solid profit margins year after year.  2. TSLA: Personally, I don't ever plan on buying a Tesla car and I also don't really like Elon as a person. But I still have to acknowledge some of the advantages that Tesla has as a company, especially their data collecting systems. I think Tesla has a great future and even if I'm not a fan of Elon, I can still put my biases aside and realize that there's ton of experienced investors who trust him. He has a great track record of building companies so that's a risk I'm willing to take (TSLA is like 3-4% of my portfolio)  Do you have any similar examples?,;,; 2023-05-29 14:12:18]
[Amazon to invest up to $4 billion in Anthropic, a rival to ChatGPT developer OpenAI,;,; E-commerce giant Amazon on Monday said it will invest up to $4 billion in artificial intelligence firm Anthropic and take a minority ownership position in the company.The move underscores Amazon’s aggressive AI push as it looks to keep pace with rivals such as Microsoft and Alphabet’sGoogle.  Anthropic was founded roughly two years ago by former OpenAI research executives and recently debuted its new AI chatbot called Claude 2. Amazon is looking to capitalize on the hype and promise of so-called generative AI, which includes technology like OpenAI’s ChatGPT, as well as Anthropic’s Claude chatbots.  The two firms on Monday said that they are forming a strategic collaboration to advance generative AI, with the startup selecting Amazon Web Services as its primary cloud provider. Anthropic said it will provide AWS customers with early access to unique features for model customization and fine-tuning capabilities.  Anthropic will also use custom AWS-designed semiconductors to train the foundational models that underpin its AI applications. Foundation models are large AI programs trained on vast amounts of data so that they can be adapted to solve a wide range of tasks.   This year, chip firm Nvidia is the chip firm that has seen the biggest gains from the generative AI boom. Nvidia’s key product is a type of semiconductor known as a graphics processing unit, which can be used to train huge AI models. At one point Nvidia’s stock had rallied more than 200%, as the company smashed through financial forecasts on the rising adoption of AI.  To an extent, Amazon’s deal with Anthropic aims to show that there are alternative chips that can be used for AI applications. AWS customers will be able to build on Anthropic’s AI models via Amazon Bedrock — a service that lets customers build generative AI applications in the cloud via existing models, rather than train their own models.  Amazon is looking to position itself as the one-stop shop for AI. The e-commerce giant designs its own chips for training huge AI models. Through Amazon Bedrock customers can also design their own generative AI applications using existing models, which are all run on the Amazon cloud. The company sells its own AI applications too.  Anthropic already counts some high-profile backers, including Google and Salesforce Ventures. This support comes as tech giants continue to make massive bets on AI companies, a move sparked by Microsoft’s multi-billion dollar investment in ChatGPT maker OpenAI in January.   2023-09-25 09:01:26]
[Magnificent Rotation - In the year to November 16th, the Magnificent 7 contributed around 84% of the S&amp;P 500's growth (5x the rest),;,; There's obviously been a lot of talk about a rotation out of the Mag7 and into of S&amp;P 500 (or riskier names) but think the scale of their contribution is pretty crazy.  **Market Value Gained: January 1st to November 16th:**   Microsoft - $1,009bn   Apple - $962bn   Nvidia - $860bn   Amazon - $615bn   Alphabet - $599bn   Meta - $545bn   Tesla - $353bn   *Other other 493 companies in the S&amp;P 500 - $962bn (16.4% of total)*  **Market Value Gained: November 16th to December 6th:**   Apple - $52bn   Tesla - $22bn   Amazon - $19bn   Meta - ($42bn)   Microsoft - ($48bn)   Nvidia - ($74bn)   Alphabet - ($92bn)   *Other other 493 companies in the S&amp;P 500 - $632bn (134% of total)*     &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-12-07 14:54:01]
[66% down on alibaba in a rather big position, thoughts?,;,; please don't judge me, don't joke about it and only respond if you're serious.  Right when coronavirus was getting 'better' I exited all my positions and invested my money pretty much in 3 companies, Amazon, Microsoft and Alibaba. (33% each)  around 60k in alibaba, at 185€  Theoretically a good stock, e-commerce in china is not bad, alibaba-cloud is a good thing, massive company, numbers looked good. I'd still say that it's a good stock, if only there was no CCP.  So, it's been going down for the last few years, we're currently at ~66€, it was already this low like 1-2 years ago, recovered, now down again. 66% down for me.  I'm not rich at all, where others bought a department or something I have my money in stocks, and a third of it is about to be wiped out possibly. Honestly I don't think alibaba is going anywhere but who knows what the CCP will do and if/when it will recover, to 120€ / 180€, who knows.  Meanwhile the spy and all other stocks im interested in are at their alltime-high, i'm not about to sell with 66% loss, invest in something else, only for the market to go down because thats's how it goes.  For the last 3 years I thought "let's wait and see", and, well, I'm not exactly thrilled. Yeah it's trading at 7 PE, if we get positive indicators it could go back to 120€ I guess, already did that 1 year ago.  Any opinion on this situation? Feeling pretty bad about this. Meanwhile when anyone asks me where to invest my answer ist (33% msci world, 33% spy, 33%qqq, set and forget). and what do I do myself? Well..,;,; 2024-01-13 21:04:08]
[AMZN’s IRBT Acquisition Blocked,;,;    I got into IRBT because it seemed that if Microsoft was allowed to acquire Activision, AMZN should be able to acquire a vacuume company, no issue, right? Right?   It seemed like the risk to reward was there but I think the moral of the story is: don’t buy garbage companies and expect them to fly up. I have played various other merger plays with good success but this one went against my idea of buying decent companies. **Without the merger, IRBT is still overvalued at current prices.**  If you are still in this, the risks of blockage are higher than I expected because AMZN isn’t willing to play ball. Also, considering AMZN dropped the acquisition price previously, it is possible they will drop it again due to the massive drop in price recently. Good luck to anyone who is still playing this.   All and all, lost a good chunk of money, sold, and I’ve learned my lesson: **if you aren’t willing to hold the underlying, don’t buy it just solely for the merger.**,;,; 2024-01-19 15:17:07]
[Exclusive: Nvidia pursues $30 billion custom chip opportunity with new unit -sources,;,;        SAN FRANCISCO, Feb 9 (Reuters) - Nvidia (NVDA.O), opens new tab is building a new business unit focused on designing bespoke chips for cloud computing firms and others, including advanced artificial intelligence (AI) processors, nine sources familiar with its plans told Reuters.  The dominant global designer and supplier of AI chips aims to capture a portion of an exploding market for custom AI chips and shield itself from the growing number of companies pursuing alternatives to its products.  The Santa Clara, California-based company controls about 80% of high-end AI chip market, a position that has sent its stock market value up 40% so far this year to $1.73 trillion after it more than tripled in 2023.  Nvidia's customers, which include ChatGPT creator OpenAI, Microsoft (MSFT.O), opens new tab, Alphabet (GOOGL.O), opens new tab and Meta Platforms (META.O), opens new tab, have raced to snap up the dwindling supply of its chips to compete in the fast-emerging generative AI sector.  Its H100 and A100 chips serve as a generalized, all-purpose AI processor for many of those major customers. But the tech companies have started to develop their own internal chips for specific needs. Doing so helps reduce energy consumption, and potentially can shrink the cost and time to design.  Nvidia is now attempting to play a role in helping these companies develop custom AI chips that have flowed to rival firms such as Broadcom (AVGO.O), opens new tab and Marvell Technology (MRVL.O), opens new tab, said the sources, who declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly.  "If you're really trying to optimize on things like power, or optimize on cost for your application, you can't afford to go drop an H100 or A100 in there," Greg Reichow, general partner at venture capital firm Eclipse Ventures said in an interview. "You want to have the exact right mixture of compute and just the kind of compute that you need."  Nvidia does not disclose H100 prices, which are higher than for the prior-generation A100, but each chip can sell for $16,000 to $100,000 depending on volume and other factors. Meta plans to bring its total stock to 350,000 H100s this year. Nvidia officials have met with representatives from Amazon.com (AMZN.O), opens new tab, Meta, Microsoft, Google and OpenAI to discuss making custom chips for them, two sources familiar with the meetings said. Beyond data center chips, Nvidia has pursued telecom, automotive and video game customers.  Nvidia shares rose 2.75% after the Reuters report, helping lift chip stocks overall. Marvell shares dropped 2.78%.  In 2022, Nvidia said it would let third-party customers integrate some of its proprietary networking technology with their own chips. It has said nothing about the program since, and Reuters is reporting its wider ambitions for the first time. A Nvidia spokesperson declined to comment beyond the company's 2022 announcement.  Dina McKinney, a former Advanced Micro Devices (AMD.O), opens new tab and Marvell executive, heads Nvidia's custom unit and her team's goal is to make its technology available for customers in cloud, 5G wireless, video games and automotives, a LinkedIn profile said. Those mentions were scrubbed and her title changed after Reuters sought comment from Nvidia.  Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Meta and OpenAI declined to comment.     **$30 BILLION MARKET**  According to estimates from research firm 650 Group’s Alan Weckel, the data center custom chip market will grow to as much as $10 billion this year, and double that in 2025.  The broader custom chip market was worth roughly $30 billion in 2023, which amounts to roughly 5% of annual global chip sales, according to Needham analyst Charles Shi.  Currently, custom silicon design for data centers is dominated by Broadcom and Marvell.  In a typical arrangement, a design partner such as Nvidia would offer intellectual property and technology, but leave the chip fabrication, packaging and additional steps to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (2330.TW), opens new tab or another contract chip manufacturer.  Nvidia moving into this territory has the potential to eat into Broadcom and Marvell sales.  "With Broadcom's custom silicon business touching $10 billion, and Marvell’s around $2 billion, this is a real threat," said Dylan Patel, founder of silicon research group SemiAnalysis. "It's a real big negative - there's more competition entering the fray."  **BEYOND AI**  Nvidia is in talks with telecom infrastructure builder Ericsson (ERICb.ST), opens new tab for a wireless chip that includes the chip designer's graphics processing unit (GPU) technology, two sources familiar with the discussions said. Ericsson declined to comment.  650 Group's Weckle expects the telecom custom chip market to remain flat at roughly $4 billion to $5 billion a year. Nvidia also plans to target the automotive and video game markets, according to sources and public social media postings.  Weckel expects the custom auto market to grow consistently from its current $6 billion to $8 billion range at 20% a year, and the $7 billion to $8 billion video game custom chip market could increase with the next-generation consoles from Xbox and Sony (6857.T), opens new tab.  Nintendo's current Switch handheld console already includes Nvidia's Tegra X1 chip. A new version of the Switch console expected this year is likely to include a Nvidia custom design, one source said.  Nintendo declined to comment.,;,; 2024-02-09 23:15:02]
[Google commits to invest $2 billion in OpenAI competitor Anthropic,;,; Google agreed to invest up to $2 billion in Anthropic, the artificial intelligence startup founded by ex-OpenAI executives, CNBC has confirmed. The commitment involves a $500 million upfront cash infusion and an additional $1.5 billion to be invested over time, an Anthropic spokesperson told CNBC. The Wall Street Journal reported earlier on the planned financing. A Google spokesperson didn’t immediately respond to request for comment.  Anthropic is the developer of Claude 2, a rival chatbot to OpenAI’s ChatGPT that’s used by companies including Slack, Notion and Quora. The company was founded in 2021 and, in addition to Google, has received funding from Salesforce and Zoom and was valued earlier this year at $4.1 billion. Claude 2 has the ability to summarize up to about 75,000 words, which could be the length of a book. Users can input large data sets and ask for summaries in the form of a memo, letter or story. ChatGPT, by contrast, can handle about 3,000 words.  Research by Arthur AI, a machine learning monitoring platform, found Claude 2 to be most reliable chatbot in terms of “self-awareness,” meaning accurately gauging what it does and doesn’t know, and answering only questions it had training data to support. Arthur AI tested chatbots from Meta, Cohere and OpenAI.  In April, Google invested $300 million in the company, taking a 10% stake. That same month, Anthropic was one of four companies invited to a meeting at the White House to discuss responsible AI development with Vice President Kamala Harris. Google parent Alphabet, Microsoft and OpenAI were the others.  Anthropic quickly turned around and raised a $450 million round in May. At the time, it marked the largest funding round for an AI company since Microsoft’s investment in OpenAI in January, according to PitchBook data.Anthropic was founded by Dario Amodei, OpenAI’s former vice president of research, and his sister, Daniela Amodei, who was OpenAI’s vice president of safety and policy. Several other OpenAI research alumni were also on Anthropic’s founding team.  Amodei told CNBC in July that Anthropic invested at least two months in developing its newest chatbot, with a team of 30 to 35 people working directly on the AI model and a total of 150 people supporting it. She said the market is growing so rapidly that there’s plenty of room for multiple players to succeed.  “It’s a really unusual time from a business perspective because there’s just so much demand for large language models and really more demand than the industry can currently provide,” Amodei said at the time. “The landscape is just very wide, and there’s really quite a lot of room for many different users and types of users to make use of these systems.”   2023-10-28 08:01:16]
[How is Dropbox still not being crushed by the competition?,;,; Since google, Microsoft, apple, Amazon and slew of other huge companies and medium companies offering cloud consumer services, how is Dropbox like the little engine that could?   The stock keeps rising. People still seem to use it and be happy with it, including myself, but how does it still stay up there? Does other services suck that much?  Does Dropbox offer something others don’t? My guess is not trying to “get you” in their ecosystem but other apps offer bundled service etc.   Is Dropbox still viable for the future or the mega tech will eventually knock Dropbox out?   2023-09-05 23:25:43]
[Nvidia Up 2% Premarket After HSBC Sets $780 Price Target,;,; [     Nvidia's stock gained 2% in premarket trade after HSBC analysts, including Frank Lee, raised the price target from $600 to $780 and maintained a Buy rating. They cited the ongoing AI boom as a key driver, expecting strong AI server momentum to surpass projections and continue outpacing supply. This trend is anticipated to persist through 2025, benefiting from a clearer understanding of US Cloud Service Providers' capital expenditures.        The bullish outlook aligns with Nvidia's impressive 2023 growth, with its shares surging over 200% year-to-date. The success of AI solutions like ChatGPT has stimulated this growth and propelled Nvidia into the ranks of trillion-dollar companies, alongside Apple and Microsoft. Nvidia's upcoming fiscal Q2 2024 earnings report is highly anticipated after the company's optimistic guidance of $11 billion in revenue, a substantial leap from Wall Street's $7.15 billion estimate. The company's stock performance has solidified its position as the S&amp;P 500's top performer this year.,;,; 2023-08-21 10:14:11]
[Why Activision Blizxard stock might be a steal.,;,; I'm not going to pretend to be a financial advisor in any way. I'm just someone who is trying to learn how to take take some additional risks in stock investing, in addition to investing in ETFs.  Ok, so here's why I think Activision Blizzard will do very well in the coming months.  1. Firstly, Diablo 4, one of Activision Blizzard's flagship series is going to come out on June 6th. This series (Diablo I, II, &amp; III) have historically been majorly successful, and is basically the predecessor to major games like Path of Exile in recent times.  With the release of a flagship AAA game, the company is asking for $70 USD per copy, up to $100 USD for its ultimate edition of the game. The game itself also follows industry standards of monetization through a Battle pass system that should refresh each season.  The reception to this game so far has been very positive, and I feel its release would be big enough to impact Activision Blizzard's Q2 report around August. A successful Q2 report would likely drive up people's perception of the company, and hence drive up the stock price.  2. Secondly, in recent times, Microsoft has met issues with the acquisition of Activision Blizzard, particularly in the UK because of anti trust laws. But this is a good thing. I'll explain why I think so.  For background, Microsoft in 2022 wanted to acquire activision blizzard at $95 per share. The price per share back then was around $70. With a potential future evaluation of $95, the market started to price this in over the last year and a half, resulting in activision blizzard stock ending around $85 last week.  In recent news though, with microsoft's difficulty, investors lost a bit of faith in the acquisition, and the stock price dropped to $75 ish. So it becomes potentially a good time to buy.  This is good because, based on my understanding (Im not going to pretend I know everything), the anti trust UK issue is based on Microsoft having too large a market share in Cloud computing games. But this in itself doesn't make sense, because cloud computing games make up 5% of the total market share. So realistically, Microsoft isn't really breaking anti trust laws with regards to the gaming industry.  To take my faith in microsoft being able to acquire activision blizzard one step further. Microsoft has already pledged to not monopolize many of the flagship AAA games of activision blizzard so that this acquisition can go through. They have cut a deal with nintendo to license out the famous Call of Duty series for 10 years in the future.   With this in mind, I believe that microsoft has the resolve and resources to eventually acquire activision blizzard.  *** So the way I look at is that Activision Blizzard seems to me at least, to be a pretty good investment in the medium term (couple of months til their Q2 earnings report), as well as potentially a long term gold mine with Microsoft potentially acquiring the company at a higher valuation.  Once again, I stress I am not a financial expert, I'm not going to pretend to be one. I'm just someone who has been following activision blizzard's products for years, someone who is trying to learn how to invest.  I might not know much about stocks and investments, but i think I know my stuff when it comes to games.  Anyway yeah, thanks for reading, hope to make some bank for my university education frfr. Bullish on one of my favourite companies.,;,; 2023-05-01 16:40:47]
[List of AI companies - big or small,;,; As per title, looking to create an extensive list of publicly traded AI focused companies.  The obvious ones include Nvdia, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, C3.AI.  Some others I have noted include: BBAI, CXAI.   What others are you aware of?,;,; 2023-05-25 01:36:43]
[Any European bank employees who trade stocks without informing their bank?,;,; I have started working in a bank however I don't communicate with customers at all. In fact I am not directly invvolved in the main finance division. The rules are that even if you work as a cleaner in the bank you must inform the bank with a paper about your stock trade. Like if I sell my 10 USD worth McDonald's stocks I need to go to X floor and fill a paper. Like how much the exchange rate for USD, my order time, stock execution time etc. And I am buyung stocks like Tesla, Apple, Virgin Galactic, Microsoft etc. Is it possible that these big US companies end up buying credits or something like that from an east European country? And if so, let's say Apple bought Microsoft via the bank I am working. And the stock went 100%. Then because most of my stock are 200 USD worth, I will earn 200 USD at best case. Like, are they going to open a criminal case for 200 dollars? I mean is it a big deal buying 200 USD worth stocks? Or it is better I don't trade stocks at all while I work in the bank?,;,; 2023-09-24 13:36:51]
[How many investors out there are cashing out to wait out this period of increasingly bearish economic uncertainty?,;,; The spell of January optimism is all but a distant memory with increasing interest rates and a prolonged period of, at best, stagflation. More quarter point hikes to get to a possible 6% interest rates making bonds more appealing and tanking growth and tech stock by 10% plus over a possible 6 - 12 month period.  I’ve cashed out 50% and have stocks in Google, Microsoft, Salesforce, Tesla left in. I can see these all slipping without any major support with all the gloomy news. I’d be taking  a bit of Tesla and Salesforce profit and breaking even on google and MSFT.  Wait on the sidelines maybe put in dividend utility stocks and wait for what could be a huge bull market rally a year or two from now.  Any thoughts?,;,; 2023-03-09 03:12:04]
[Long term stocks,;,; So I already invest in NVDA and ALV.DE and they're pretty good, a fair chunk of my portfolio is crypto but I'd rather move away from that in terms of where to put my money.   I'd like advice on other long term stocks, perhaps Microsoft and Apple?   I saw some here saying VTI, I don't really understand ETF's and etoro gives warnings about them.   I'm not looking for short term, only long term. (10-20-30 years) and will be depositing regular amounts and applying what I think is dollar cost averaging.,;,; 2024-01-11 10:36:14]
[Tim Cook teases Apple AI announcement ‘later this year’,;,; Apple CEO Tim Cook teased that Apple may have an artificial intelligence announcement later this year during a call with analysts after the company reported fiscal first-quarter earnings.  While Cook’s remarks on Thursday did not include many details, they did indicate that Apple wants to compete with Microsoft, Google, Amazon, OpenAI and other technology companies working on cutting-edge AI models that can generate text and images.  “As we look ahead, we will continue to invest in these and other technologies that will shape the future,” Cook said during a call with analysts. “That includes artificial intelligence where we continue to spend a tremendous amount of time and effort, and we’re excited to share the details of our ongoing work in that space later this year.”  Generative AI started drawing significant attention from technology companies and investors starting in 2022, after OpenAI released ChatGPT and image generators rapidly improved. Apple did not announce an advanced AI model last year, although the company has long invested in similar machine learning technology in its chips and software, which can, for example, identify people or pets inside photographs.  Apple typically announces new software in June at its annual developer’s conference, WWDC. Last year, the company announced an autocorrect feature for the iPhone keyboard based on a transformer-based language model, which shares the same underlying technology as GPT. But Apple never used the phrase “artificial intelligence” during the presentation, preferring the more academic term “machine learning.”  “Let me just say that I think there’s a huge opportunity for Apple with Gen AI and AI, without getting into more details and getting out in front of myself,” Cook said.  Source:  2024-02-02 03:02:11]
[Why is everything up?,;,; Hello, I am new to this. I want to gather some assets and looked into some companies including Duolingo, Nvidia, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and many more. It feels like nearly all shares I checked have gone up significantly if not 2x’d YTD Does anyone have some insight on this massive upward trend? Or is this just normal?,;,; 2023-07-11 22:05:52]
[Good time to move into Amazon?,;,; I have stock in Apple and Microsoft, purchased at the bottom of 2020, both are near or above ATH. I was thinking about cashing out and reinvesting into Amazon which has a greater opportunity in gains moving forward IMO.  Thoughts?,;,; 2023-05-27 13:55:29]
[SMCI is undervalued at $600,;,; SMCI’s Quarterly revenue was $3.66 billion, P/E ratio - 41.38, Mkt. Cap - 32.41 billion. Their guidance says their annual revenue for 2024 will be around 14-15 billion. Profitability looks good, free cash flow around $450 million. Their server racks are the fastest to hit the market and they have reasonable moat, good relations with nvidia, AMD, Microsoft, and Meta.   Now let’s take a look at some other stocks, AMD’s revenue is around $6.5 billion latest quarter, and market cap is around $275.38 billion, FCF - 1 billion. Sure AMD and super micro are not in the same league but they will both benefit equally from AI boom and are operating under nvidia’s shadows. Their operating income and net incomes are comparable too. And yet SMCI is over 8 times undervalued than AMD.   I don’t even hold SMCI and don’t plan on buying it at current levels.   Am I missing something?,;,; 2024-02-02 06:27:16]
[Big player stocks or ETFs,;,; So I don't know much about investing. I'm 31, Canadian, and have about 30k invested in my TFSA. Currently it's about 20% XEQT, 20% TEC and the rest is split between some banks, Air Canada, coca cola, Enbridge, Telus, and destroyed weed stocks (lol)   I just moved 10k into my TFSA and am looking to park it for long term like the rest of the money in there.   I'm wondering if it's a better idea, if this is for long term, to just park 5k in each Microsoft and Amazon OR just drop the 10k into XEQT and TEC.   Which I understand TECs top stocks are Apple Microsoft etc etc.. I can't help but think I'd be missing long term gains by actually holding large amount of Microsoft or Amazon. But is that really better for someone who is very set-it-and-forget-it? Would ETFs like XEQT and TEC be better for me to just dump everything into?   Looking for advice. Thanks.,;,; 2023-06-20 04:34:28]
[Can somebody help explain why Activision Blizzard (ATVI) is struggling this week? Down 1.5% when it seems as though it should be trending up,;,; I’m relatively new to investing and own 4 shares of ATVI (big bucks, I know). I was under the understanding that the Microsoft FTC trial last week had played out well for Microsoft and Activision, pending Judge Corley’s final ruling. On top of that, Diablo IV (a live service game based in longevity) was announced as the fastest selling Blizzard game of all time and has surely passed $1bn in sales ($666m was announced within the first week of release). Their quarterly earnings report is due by the 31st of this month and I’m confident that Diablo pre-orders and sales will reflect on that. So why has the movement on share prices only gone down this week? Any insight would be appreciated, I am seeking education on the topic more than anything. Thanks for taking the time to read.,;,; 2023-07-06 14:34:06]
[Nintendo Anysis_2 Comparison,;,; Sorry, I can't upload pictures here.  **Growth**   Nintendo 3 years average growth is 7%, and EPS growth is 20%. The revenue growth is lower compared with its peers, like Play Station and Xbox. The EPS growth is good, but not outstanding, lower than game developers Capcom, Koei Tecmo, and Square Enix. Koei Tecmo and Capcom have delivered impressive growth in the last three years. Play Station and Take-Two achieved high revenue growth but did not drive their profit increase.   From the growth data comparison, I think Nintendo needs new drivers for the next generation. It plans to increase capital investment in IP expansion and initiate more people access to its dedicated game platform, but I think it not be the main driver in the next competition.   **Profit**   Nintendo has good profit margins with a gross margin of 55% and an operating margin of 32%. This is higher than most competitors. Koei Tecmo and Capcom are more attractive, but they don't have a platform. Compared with Sony Play Station and Sega, Nintendo's performance is better. I can't find the margin data of the Gaming business from Microsoft's financial report, so I use the personal segment data, maybe this is not exact.   Although Nintendo has a decline in cash turnover compared with its history, Nintendo did much better than its competitors. Considering its good margins, I think Nintendo has strong profitability and return.   **Returns**   Nintendo has an outstanding investment return of 46% and an equity return of 21% compared with its competitors, especially in investment return. I think this benefited from a great composite of solid margins and a high cash turnover rate.   Again, I use the company's whole business ROE of Microsoft as I can't get the gaming sector number to calculate it. Considering Microsoft's main business is office software and cloud, this ROE number may not be comparable. ROIC is re-calculated by gaming sector data, and so is Sony Gaming &amp; Network business, Nintendo is performing much better in ROIC than Microsoft Xbox and Sony Play Station.    **Capital Structure**   All game companies here have low financial leverage with a leverage ratio below 0.5 except Sony. Nintendo has no debt on the balance sheet and strong solvency ability.    Every company's Debt to EBITDA is below 4, which means their financial is health and has no insolvency risk.   **Valuation &amp; Dividend**   Nintendo has a better valuation compared with its main competitors, after the recent soaring of price, Nintendo's current EV/EBIT is 13.68x, it's a little higher than the median line of 13x. I think Nintendo's valuation is not expensive considering its current solid financial performance in the first half of FY2023 and the potential to open another growth cycle through new console releases.   As a potential new Switch release this year, we can see some clues from its data in history. Nintendo's EV/EBIT was 15.03x and 30.8x in 2006 and 2016, which is the year the new console was released. Of course, I assume Nintendo's next Switch will perform like Wii and Switch, not Wii U. After the new console is released, Nintendo's market cap increased by 2.5x and 1x in the following 2 years, its EV/EBIT is stable and declined little compared with the released year, which means Nintendo delivers rich profit returns after the new console is released. Back today, Nintendo's valuation multiple is lower than in history, but its market role is still strong, and financial performance is solid, this is not a very high risk to bet its good returns on the eve of a new Switch release.   Nintendo has a good dividend payout ratio of around 50% compared with peers, which will define Nintendo as a value stock. I think Nintendo is not very attractive for buy-and-hold investors as it has highly volatile growth and market value, but it's a special opportunity you should consider when it prepares to add fuel to its tank, and you already know it's not too expensive, and has a stable dividend payout.   **Big Three Comparison**   As a game company with hardware and software, Nintendo's main competitors are Sony's Play Station and Microsoft's Xbox. To compare more clearly, I searched some data focusing on the three companies and their gaming business operating results, this can help me get a clear picture to understand the market position of the three companies. As Microsoft's gaming business data is not disclosed too much, the comparison focuses on Sony and Nintendo. All data used from the last quarterly financial report.   From growth data, Play Station has the highest revenue growth but the lowest profit growth, while Nintendo has the highest profit growth and moderates revenue growth. Microsoft has the lowest revenue growth and higher profit growth. I think all three companies perform well, but I prefer Nintendo because it balances well in revenue and profit growth, you can see more growth in revenue can drive higher profit growth. Xbox X &amp; S has bad sales compared with Switch and PS5. Microsoft may release its new console this year and maybe increase some market shares, especially after it acquired Activision Blizzard. But I don't believe this can change the market structure. Maybe Microsoft has another idea to get money from gaming competition, providing cloud technologies and promoting cloud gaming development. You know, Nintendo online playing uses cloud services from Azure.   Play station's revenue was boosted by PS5 sales. Sony finally prepared enough stock to sell in the shop, you can find PS5 in every gaming shop and Costco. Sony's G &amp; N business doing well this year, but its margin is too low compared with the other two. Sony has tonnes of popular IPs and first-party studios, I think it can do better in the gaming market and up its margin.   Moving to hardware and software sales data, Sony has the highest volume sold in console and software which is driven by PS5. Nintendo achieved surprising console sold and solid software titles sold, but I think Switch volume growth will not persist, and Nintendo needs to prepare something to compete with PS5 and the new Xbox. Microsoft's Xbox X &amp; S has walked to the end of its life as the lowest console sold compared with others. I hope to see its new Xbox this year.   For Player and platform member data, Xbox has more active users but I think this is surpassed by Play Station as Sony has said its active users achieved 123m in its CES two days later. Sony currently has bigger subscribers compared with Nintendo Online and Microsoft GPX. Nintendo has 38m subscribers, which is in the middle.    The cumulative console sold data tells me Nintendo is the biggest one in the market, but considering the Switch is a very old console, I decided to add PS4 and Xbox ONE back, after adding, Sony is the biggest one with a total of 157m units sold, and Nintendo is 132m sold, Xbox is still the lowest units sold of 77.6m. The video game market is still dominated by Sony and Nintendo.   **Conclusion**   Nintendo is doing well compared with its competitors with high-quality growth, strong margins, turnover and investment return, lower insolvency risk, and fair valuation. But Nintendo's growth is already showing signs of weakness, and I think the recent growth in Switch is driven by Legend of Zelda Tears of Kingdom. This trend will not persist in the next year without new console or titles, especially at the time the PS5 Slim has been released and the new Xbox coming. Sony and Nintendo have dominated the video gaming world, and from market shares, Sony is even better than Nintendo. But Sony Play Station's low profitability is putting it in the shadow of Nintendo.   Nintendo is doing well compared with its competitors with high-quality growth, strong margins, turnover and investment return, lower insolvency risk, and fair valuation. But Nintendo's growth is already showing signs of weakness, and I think the recent growth in Switch is driven by Legend of Zelda Tears of Kingdom. This trend will not persist in the next year without new console or titles, especially at the time the PS5 Slim has been released and the new Xbox coming. Sony and Nintendo have dominated the video gaming world, and from market shares, Sony is even better than Nintendo. But Sony Play Station's low profitability is putting it in the shadow of Nintendo.,;,; 2024-01-11 03:16:05]
[Finally sold PLUG,;,; I defeated my denial and sold PLUG today. Was I stupid to buy it in the first place? Probably. The gamble did almost pay off though. My first purchase was 3-3.5 years back when it was $14 and I kept on buying till it was $30. PLUG breached $75 and guess what, I never sold it. I went "long". Today, as I sold over 1000 shares accumulated over these years at 2.95$, I'm realizing the importance of reading annual and earnings reports. It was always going to end up a penny stock and it's not even a benefit of hindsight. The stock never deserved to go beyond a buck.   Just an advice to all the bag holders out there. Don't let emotions and news interfere with business numbers. Fundamentals will always trump everything. I'm glad my Apple and Microsoft are 50-80% up but well, PLUG will remain my life lesson on doing due diligences, not getting caught up in meme stocks, always setting a stop limit sell price, and um not being stupid in general  Peace out.  Edit: I bought quite a bit at 3-6$ range too so it's not as bad as it sounds. But still, pretty bad. ,;,; 2024-01-17 17:09:10]
[Past and future imp. event impact on stock price,;,; Hi,  I'm looking for a free-to-use service where I can look at **past stock events and how they impacted** a stock price. For example:  `MSFT: Microsoft Stock Adds 2% to Hit Record After Tapping Sam Altman to Lead AI Team`  `MSFT: Microsoft Stock Soars 4% as Quarterly Revenue Lands at $56.5B, Beating Estimates`  The same for **future events**. I mean, **possible gain or loss based on some future events**.  I was able to find it on **Trading View - Timeline**. But it's available only for **a few top stocks** 🥲 Check it out - [ ,;,; 2024-01-19 13:36:08]
[CNBC: ChatGPT is already generating savings for companies for coding and to write job descriptions.,;,;   * More than half of the businesses surveyed by ResumeBuilder said they are already using ChatGPT, and half of the firms reported replacing worker tasks with generative AI. * ChatGPT is being used to do everything from write job descriptions to help assist coders. * The push to use AI is increasing as companies like Alphabet, Microsoft and OpenAI continue to invest in the technology.  The recent launch of Google’s Bard brought another tech giant into the generative artificial intelligence space, alongside Microsoft’s Bing chat and OpenAI’s ChatGPT.  But how many business leaders are currently using AI tech in day-to-day operations or plan to?  Based on new research, a lot. Half of the companies ResumeBuilder surveyed in February said they are using ChatGPT; 30% said they plan to do so. The data included 1,000 responses from the ResumeBuilder’s network of business leaders.  Stacie Haller, chief career advisor at ResumeBuilder, said the data might be the tip of the iceberg. Since the survey was completed, more professionals have started using generative AI.  Adopting AI is saving money  Haller said age and the current state of the economy influenced the results. For example, 85% of respondents were under 44 and younger workers are more likely to adopt new technology.  “If you’re 38, 40 years old, you grew up with technology in your hands,” she said. “This is second nature to you.”  Haller said high adoption also relates to the post-pandemic job market. After expanding during the pandemic, companies are adjusting to a new economy through automation, she said.  “We saw ChatGPT replacing jobs in the HR department first, the people writing job descriptions or responding to applicants,” Haller said. “I don’t know many people that love writing job descriptions, and I’ve been in this world for a long time.”  ResumeBuilder collects hiring data to help applicants build cover letters and CVs during their search.  When businesses automate writing tasks, it leaves money available for more strategic areas of the company. According to the data, half the firms implementing AI said they saved $50,000, and a tenth of companies said they had saved $100,000.  The other area where ChatGPT is having an impact is in coding. Haller said companies were using generative AI to speed up coding tasks and using the time and money they saved toward retraining and hiring.  “If they can generate code well enough to reduce the labor cost, they can take their code budget and pay developers,” she said. “Or better yet, retrain code writers to do the jobs they need to fill.”  She said it is still hard to find senior developers, and every bit counts.  AI is becoming a hot resume item  CEO Praveen Ghanta founded Fraction, a professional services startup to help tech companies find senior developers, and said generative AI is part of his firm’s strategy. AI as a skillset is already a resume stand out.  “We saw it first on the demand side,” Ghanta said. “Now we’re seeing it appear on developer resumes as a skill.”  ResumeBuilder found nine out of 10 responding businesses sought potential employees with ChatGPT experience. One version of ChatGPT as a resume skill is what Ghanta called prompt engineering.  “For example, ChatGPT is bad at math,” he said, but candidates could draw on their prompt engineering experience to know what inputs produce the best-generated results. “If you say, ″Let’s do this step by step’ in the prompt, its ability to do math word problems skyrockets,” he said.  Ghanta said the idea for Fraction came when he was recruiting for a previous startup and found talent by hiring part-time developers already working at top tech companies. He found that developers with 12 years of experience and AI prompt skills still needed help getting in front of hiring managers.  “The currency of the day in hiring hasn’t changed, it’s a resume,” Ghanta said. “Hiring managers still want to see that sheet of paper, a PDF, and many developers have really bad resumes.”  They’re not writers, he said, and struggle to represent their work experience clearly. His team uses an AI workflow to combat this. Clients speak about their responsibilities to a transcribing bot like Otter.AI, which ChatGPT summarizes into a working resume. With prompt know-how, Ghanta said using AI has become a toolset companies seek.  Will AI replace workers?  With the correct instruction, ChatGPT can write applications, build code, and solve complex math problems. Should employees worry about their jobs? Ghanta said as a founder, he looks at new tech as tools to engage with, and new skills are always an advantage for employers or employees.  “I encourage developers to engage and sharpen their skills. These companies make it easy to use their APIs,” he said. “From a company perspective, adoption can be competitive because this is a new skill. Not everybody is doing this yet.”  There has been a growing concern that generative AI could replace jobs, and perhaps not the ones most expected. A recent study found that while telemarketers top the list of jobs “exposed” to generative AI, roles like professors and sociologists are also at risk.  On the hiring side, 82% of respondents said they had used generative AI for hiring in a recent ResumeBuilder update. Among respondents, 63% said candidates using ChatGPT were more qualified.  “When Photoshop came out, people thought it would replace everything and that they couldn’t trust pictures anymore,’” Haller said. “Since the Industrial Revolution, new technology has changed how we work. This is just the next step.”,;,; 2023-04-08 14:36:33]
[Arm shares spike 24% after chip designer gives strong forecast, says AI is increasing sales,;,; Arm reported fiscal third-quarter earnings that beat estimates and gave a strong profit forecast for the current quarter. The shares soared more than 20% in extended trading.  Here’s how the company did versus LSEG consensus estimates for the quarter ending December:  Revenue: $824 million, vs. $761 million expected  EPS: 29 cents adjusted, vs 25 cents expected.   Arm, whose chip design technology is in nearly every smartphone and many PCs, said it expects earnings per share for the fiscal fourth quarter of between 28 cents and 32 cents on sales of $850 million to $900 million. Analysts expectations earnings of 21 cents per share on sales of $780 million.  The company reported net income of $87 million, or 8 cents per share. Total revenue in the quarter increased 14% from a year earlier.  Arm makes money through royalties, when companies pay for access to build Arm-compatible chips, usually amounting to a small percentage of the final chip price.  Arm said its customers shipped 7.7 billion Arm chips during the September quarter, which is the most recent period which figures are available.  Royalty revenue increased 11% on an annual basis to $470 million. The company said the jump was partially because of a recovery in the smartphone market, as well as increasing sales to automotive companies and cloud providers. Arm said that it expects growth to be driven by royalty revenue.  In recent years, Arm has emphasized its licensing business, selling access to more complete designs that semiconductor companies can take and plug into their planned chips. That process saves chipmakers time and effort, and it’s more lucrative for Arm than simply collecting royalties.  Arm’s license and other revenue was $354 million, up 18% year-over-year. Arm said more companies were choosing to license its CPU designs to run artificial intelligence, and that the company charges higher licensing fees for advanced designs.  Arm, which had been owned by SoftBank, went public in September. The company was founded in 1990 to develop technology for low-power chips, but became more important to the overall technology industry when the Apple  iPhone and competing Android devices standardized on Arm-based chips.  Arm says that companies including Apple, Google, Microsoft, and Nvidia use its technology.  Source:  2024-02-07 21:43:28]
[We Are In A Mania, Negative Post,;,; I went out of the market in November 2021. Sold everything but 10%. Started buying again in November 2022 and continued until February 2023.   I missed the exact bottom in October, but still - I timed it almost to perfection. So what I say next should not be dismissed with "haha, he missed the bottom and is mad". No bro, I am like the bottom's brother. Edit: just wanted to clarify - I was very lucky. I do not believe I am a genius who can time the market.  Jokes aside, the discount rate is at 5,25% and stocks like Microsoft trading at 40 P/E with negative EPS growth TTM. Apple is a bit better at 32. Now, I know P/E is just a smell test. But no one in this world can convince me that Microsoft will start growing EPS at such a high rate to justify such a multiple... And historically speaking, such high discount rates make P/E multiples go down and not expand. As Buffett says "interest rates are like gravity for stocks". Yet, the SP500 is not down even 10% from its all time high.  Microsoft is so big, it has already almost maximized its profit margin potential - it is improbable they will grow earnings over 20%/year. Another point for this being a mania.  I have to admit - there are still companies I like a lot at these prices who are still beaten down 40-50% despite being great businesses and doing well. The only reason for this is that their CEOs haven't repeated "AIAIAIAIIAIAIAIAIAIAIIAIAIAIAIAIIAIAIAIAIAIAIAIAIAIIAIAIAIAIAII" 50 times in the last earnings call.   Where I thrive is software companies(SaaS mostly). Most of them have doubled or tripled in the last few months based on how many times AI has been repeated. Growth has slowed down, costs have staid the same, yet stock prices have skyrocketed?!?!  This tells me that this part of the market is in another maniac phase. To be clear, I haven't sold anything. It is just that the pool of potential investments that can offer great returns has decreased drastically. Investors' optimism about these stocks is making me really nervous.   Every bit of bad news is dismissed and gets converted into good news. Every bit of good news gets exaggerated by a factor of 100.   Even though this seems like the end stage of a bull market, I am not betting on it. See how negative I am? I am still in the market. Like Peter Lynch has said - it is important to learn to ignore your gut. Had I listened to my gut, I wouldn't have dared to enter the market in Nov 2022.  Take this post for what you will - human psychology study, ramblings of a random investor... I just feel the need from time to time to let these negative thoughts out. It helps me not to act on them. I still think something will break, but I am ignoring these thoughts.  Good luck to everyone, even if you bought Microsoft at 40 P/E. jk lol,;,; 2023-07-14 20:59:39]
[Apple Unveils Vision Pro AR/VR Headset, Its First Major New Product In Nearly A Decade,;,; On Monday, Apple unveiled its much-anticipated mixed reality headset, the Vision Pro, the tech giant’s first major new product category since 2015’s Apple Watch.  The new device, packed with cameras and sensors, looks like a futuristic pair of ski goggles, and can immerse a wearer in virtual reality but also blend in the real-world elements of augmented reality. CEO Tim Cook announced the new product at the company’s Worldwide Developers Conference held at its sparkling Apple Park headquarters in Cupertino, CA.  Apple’s virtual reality plans date back roughly a decade, and Cook has been teasing his ambitions publicly for the better part of that time. As far back as 2016, the company filed patents for lightweight eyeglasses and a bulkier device. But while Cook reportedly preferred the more compact option, according to reports by Bloomberg, the technical challenge forced Apple to change its strategy.  The device announcement comes years after other Silicon Valley juggernauts including Meta and Google parent Alphabet have tried to bring high-tech headsets into the mainstream. Facebook in 2014 bought the startup Oculus for $2 billion and has released two generations of its Meta Quest, geared mostly toward gamers. Microsoft in 2016 made a big bet on its Hololens headset, a 3D augmented reality device, but has failed to gain traction with consumers. Google made the buzziest splash more than a decade ago with its disastrous Google Glass, a sleek headset with a camera on board. The product drew immediate outrage, with early adopters dubbed “glassholes.”  Apple has rarely been first to new product categories, instead letting other companies take the lead while it developed products it hoped could dominate over rivals. Apple was beat to market in mp3 players, smartphones, tablets and smartwatches, but its iPods, iPhones, iPads and Apple Watches have all become category-defining devices.  Apple will have a bigger challenge ahead as it asks people to put its latest product directly on their faces for everyday use—an aim which has eluded all its well-capitalized predecessors. Today’s headsets often lead to people complaining about the devices overheating, being too heavy to wear for too long or leaving sweaty foreheads. Others have found the experience of being disconnected to the real world—immersed in full-on virtual reality for long periods of time—too isolating. Cook said in an interview with GQ earlier this year that Apple’s device could increase collaboration, though Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s vision to achieve a similar effect in the workplace has failed to take off.   2023-06-05 18:29:40]
[Should I buy Take Two Interactive stock low (company that makes GTA VI) and sell upon its release?,;,; I’m new to stocks. I started out buying solid stuff: Costco, Walmart, Microsoft, Nvidia, Google, VOO, SCHD. I bought some take two just for fun. Is their stock going to shoot up in 2025 when the game is released? Is this not how this works and am I being completely naive? Was thinking of continually buying and then sell when it’s high, but I don’t know enough to know if that will even happen. Any and all advice is appreciated. Thanks!,;,; 2023-12-15 18:26:12]
[Why do some stocks spike for one or two trades, then drop back down to market price?,;,; For example, if I look at Microsoft today, it was $330ish all day. Then it spiked to $360 for two trades, before dropping back down to $300 range. At 5:47pm (after hours of course).  I've seen this often in stocks and always wondered. I figured someone in Reddit is smart enough to answer for me. Thanks ahead of time. ,;,; 2023-10-12 06:07:33]
[Considering a recession in 2023,;,; New to stock market. I started dabbling in stock market about a year ago, investing roughly 60k into variety of tech stocks. With a recent tech spike I ended up selling my position in Meta(135-240), Amazon(94-122), and Microsoft(240-305). Since everyone is talking about an upcoming recession in the late 2023 would it be wise to wait off to buy back in assuming the market will crash.  I am aware that in a long run the stocks I’m looking to buy will most likely thrive in a long run such as Apple, google, Microsoft, Tesla. I’m just looking for the best opportunity considering the circumstances.,;,; 2023-05-08 00:05:59]
[OpenAI researchers warned board of AI breakthrough ahead of CEO ouster,;,;   Ahead of OpenAI CEO Sam Altman’s four days in exile, several staff researchers sent the board of directors a letter warning of a powerful artificial intelligence discovery that they said could threaten humanity, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters.  The previously unreported letter and AI algorithm was a catalyst that caused the board to oust Altman, the poster child of generative AI, the two sources said. Before his triumphant return late Tuesday, more than 700 employees had threatened to quit and join backer Microsoft in solidarity with their fired leader. The sources cited the letter as one factor among a longer list of grievances by the board that led to Altman’s firing. Reuters was unable to review a copy of the letter. The researchers who wrote the letter did not immediately respond to requests for comment.  OpenAI declined to comment.  According to one of the sources, long-time executive Mira Murati mentioned the project, called Q*, to employees on Wednesday and said that a letter was sent to the board prior to this weekend’s events.  After the story was published, an OpenAI spokesperson said Murati told employees what the media reports were about but she did not comment on the accuracy of the information.  The maker of ChatGPT had made progress on Q* (pronounced Q-Star), which some internally believe could be a breakthrough in the startup’s search for superintelligence, also known as artificial general intelligence (AGI), one of the people told Reuters. OpenAI defines AGI as AI systems that are smarter than humans.  Given vast computing resources, the new model was able to solve certain mathematical problems, the person said on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on behalf of the company. Though only performing math on the level of grade-school students, acing such tests made researchers very optimistic about Q*’s future success, the source said. Reuters could not independently verify the capabilities of Q* claimed by the researchers.,;,; 2023-11-23 02:14:56]
[The world's wealthiest people have seen their fortunes grow by more than $150 billion thanks to the AI-fueled stock-market boom,;,; * AI-related stocks have seen a spectacular surge in 2023, following ChatGPT's smashing debut.     * Some of the world's wealthiest people have made a killing from the rally.     * Meta founder Mark Zuckerberg and Oracle boss Larry Ellison have seen their personal fortunes swell by over $40 billion each.  Artificial intelligence has been one of the defining themes for stocks in 2023 – and it's also helping the rich get richer.        The surge in interest in the intelligent language tool ChatGPT quickly spread across markets, with big-name investors rushing to snap up shares in companies they believe could power AI's rise to prominence.        Big Tech giants like Meta Platforms and Nvidia have already racked up triple-digit gains thanks to the AI boom, while Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, and Oracle have also all surged.        That's helped the companies' founders – already among the world's richest people at the start of 2023 – to become even wealthier.  Meta shares have rallied 134% year-to-date thanks to both the rise of AI and Zuckerberg's so-called "year of efficiency" cost cuts, and that's lifted the Facebook founder's wealth by over $57 billion, per the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.        Meanwhile, Oracle founder Larry Ellison passed Bill Gates on the publication's rich list for the first time ever earlier this week, with his fortune up $47 billion in 2023 thanks to the tech stock's 55% gain.        Gates himself has gotten $24 billion richer this year thanks to his Microsoft shares, with the Redmond-based tech giant emerging as a preferred AI play for billionaire investors including Stanley Druckenmiller.        And the man at the helm of one of the stock market's biggest success story of 2023 – Nvidia founder Jensen Huang – has also seen his personal fortune balloon by $24 billion, according to Bloomberg's index.  Again, that's largely thanks to Huang's shares in the chipmaker, which have jumped 192% in value to lift the company to a $1 trillion market capitalization.        The members of the rich list have seen their combined wealth jump by over $150 billion in 2023, by Insider's calculations.,;,; 2023-06-20 06:06:37]
[Rate my Investment portfolio,;,; I just started my first job and decided to start investing 650euro each month in a diversified portfolio consisting of the following. What are your thoughts/ opinions?  200 euro goes to : Amazon - AMZN Apple - AAPL Alphabet A - GOOG NVidia - NVDA Microsoft - MSFT Netflix- NFLX  200 euro: Vanguard S&amp;P 500(acc) - VUAA  250 euro: 5 iShare ETFs,;,; 2023-10-21 16:12:04]
[Was the Activision Blizzard actually beneficial for ATVI shareholders?,;,; I can't help thinking this was a massive mistake by shareholders to vote for this. This is a pretty amazing company that would have had solid returns for years. But instead shareholders got a bit of a payout and the company was bought for $68 billion which I think will seem pretty measly in a few years. Their IP like Call of Duty and WoW would have kept paying out for a long time. Their financials were excellent and I'm pretty sure their p/e was low 20's at the buyout price. Since then, loads of companies have had their multiples expand- Apple, Microsoft, Google, Meta are all in the high 20's and 30's.   Just seems like a horrible decision in hindsight, even if the company was going through a pretty turbulent period. ,;,; 2024-01-08 01:31:02]
[Why such emphasis on ATH?,;,; When reading posts and comments here, many mention stocks or the market nearing or surpassing their all-time highs (ATH). Some treat this as a unique and precarious situation, cautioning against further investment.  For instance: "Be careful about buying Microsoft/S&amp;P500, as it is close to its ATH, and very expensive right now!"  Yet, history shows the stock market has seen numerous ATHs, with consistent growth. Not investing during previous ATH waves could mean missing out on massive gains. So, is reaching ATH this time truly supposed to be exceptional or just fear-mongering?  Why such emphasis on ATH?,;,; 2023-11-29 19:40:08]
[Ultimate Nvidia DD (The Best),;,; First things first: This deep dive isn't about Nvidia's next earnings call or the coming few months. We're zooming out here, looking at Nvidia from a mid to long-term investment lens.        It seemed to me like common knowledge that Nvidia's future valuation is way overvalued, yet it turns out many are still in the dark.    No, betting against Nvidia doesn't mean you're anti-AI. It means you're skeptical about Nvidia's monopolistic hype in the AI space.        First, let's start with the obvious. How has the value of Nvidia, which previously generated half of its revenue from games, skyrocketed recently?        You could say it’s because of AI. But that can easily be misunderstood.    It would be much better to say: It's because of ChatGPT.        AI-focused development started a long, long time ago. Yes, AI is the future, but your neighbor doesn't believe you because he believes that only humans can solve certain tasks.        How did the general public attitude shift towards a complete AI-Hype?    Because a new product came onto the market with many great Breakthroughs. But it’s not just any Product. It’s a Product that is easy to understand, easy to use by everybody and FOR everybody.    An AI Product that Businesses AND Consumers can understand.        This General public attention has made OpenAI so important, it changed from OPENAI to CLOSEDAI and is now profit oriented (look up their background story).        This general public attention has caused every other company investing in AI to release their unfinished product to market. That's how we got Bard from Google. That's how we got these Donald Trump AI images because companies didn't even bother to invest time in developing better security filters. They had to release their product NOW.        They gave a shit about errors in their product or high costs. They had to be FIRST, or at least not late to the party.        How did Meta train LLama? With NVIDIA gpus. Same as Microsoft/Openai and everybody else.        Why did they Choose NVIDIA? I wrote an analogy about this in a comment (which I'm copying into this DD). But first, consider these important facts:        \- Nvidia is a fabless company. Their stock market value is not covered by material equivalents, their capital consists of the intellectual output of their employees        \- Nearly nobody can replace/compete with TSMC (Intel is trying to)        \- Every major company that has invested in NVIDIA has announced that they are working on their own custom chips (this will also improve performance since the chip is designed FOR their specific AI development)        \- Nvidia is currently winning with a product that they sell to other companies. It's not a product that they sell to retail customers        The Analogy:        „Private customers want tables and other furniture made of wood. The companies that make this furniture need an axe to cut down trees (wood).        TSMC can be described as the trees. Nvidia sells an axe that can be used to cut down trees.        The TSMC trees are a special kind of trees. They are more robust than other trees, but at the same time you have to be careful when you cut them down because they can break.        At the moment, everyone wants furniture made from these special trees because they are better than ordinary furniture, they look better and they are robust. You could say they are the future of furniture.        Nvidia currently sells an axe that was invented for similar trees, and that also seems to be the best axe on the market for the TSMC trees.        Everyone is stocking up on equipment and buying Nvidia axes. But there are 2 problems: Nvidia axes are really good for cutting down these trees, but not perfect. Also, Nvidia axes are quite expensive because they currently dominate the market.        What is happening now is that companies are developing their own axes to save money and optimize the tree cutting process.        Does this mean that Nvidia will no longer optimize its axes and lose all market share? No. Does this mean that Nvidia might be overvalued and not the only go-to company for these axes? Could this mean that they won't quadruple their profits every year? Yes.“        \----        NVIDIA made a design available at a specific time frame where companies invested heavily in gpu chips to train AIs. The Design Nvidia delivered was the best performing at the market. But it is not the best design. Training LLMs would have been better with customized chips. But designing chips takes some time, at least 1-2 years. So what did companies like Microsoft/OpenAi, Meta and Google do? Train their LLMs on Nvidia Chips.        Someone said to me that NVIDIA is future proof because designing chips is not easy and that’s their moat. This tells me that the person doesn’t know the process behind chip production. We can even look at each company involved here and get a simple, clear picture.        NVIDIA does NOT produce chips. They „only“ design them.        Which company produces NVIDIAs Chips? It’s TSMC.    TSMC by the way also produces Chips for AMD. And for Apple.        So there is one specific major company that produces chips for every big „Chip Design Company“. Why are they all using this single company that could (will) be attacked by China one day and disrupt their entire supply chain? Because THAT is the really difficult “moat” part with AI chips. This company is the only one truly relevant for AI growth. Anyone can design chips, but only one company can make them.        There are of course small exceptions. Some companies design AND produce their own chips. And we have to look at them. Not to invest in them, but to better understand why Nvidia doesn't have future moat.        So which famous company produces their own Chips? Intel.    Do you know why Intel lost so much market share to AMD?    This is the reason. Because they produce their own chips. Not because of the design.        Building a chip factory is a highly complex, highly expensive matter and takes years. Intel was slower than the competition. They were stuck with the old NM production processes and couldn't get their new systems up and running fast enough.        AMD was winning market share because TSMC produces their Chips.        Intel now changed their strategy. They now let their competitor, TSMC, produce their chips so they can stay in the market. In the meantime they’re building new chip factories and want to swap to their own production again.        According to estimates, Intel will pay TSMC 14 billion US dollars over the next two years - for 3-nanometer chips.        Now, you might argue that chip design is still difficult and believe that NVIDIA will be the future for all AI chip designs - despite every major AI Company literally saying they will design their own chips?!        Ok, here is an example where a famous company used primarily Nvidia chips but stopped doing so:        „However, in 2010, Apple made a significant decision that would alter its GPU trajectory. The company began developing its own graphics technology, resulting in the creation of the Metal framework. Metal allowed developers to access the full power of Apple’s GPUs, optimizing performance and efficiency. This move signaled a shift away from Nvidia’s GPUs, as Apple sought to establish greater control over its hardware and software integration.        Since then, Apple has predominantly relied on its in-house GPU solutions, including those integrated into its A-series chips found in iPhones and iPads. These custom-designed GPUs have showcased impressive performance and power efficiency, further solidifying Apple’s commitment to developing its own graphics technology.“ (Does Apple use Nvidia? (ts2.com.pl)        Because you are all regarded, here are the links where major companies have declared that they will design their own chips:        Microsoft: Microsoft is finally making custom chips — and they’re all about AI - The Verge        Meta: Exclusive: Meta to deploy in-house custom chips this year to power AI drive - memo | Reuters        Google: Google Training Gemini On Its Own Chips Reveals Another Of Its Advantages (forbes.com)        ChatGPT: Exclusive: ChatGPT-owner OpenAI is exploring making its own AI chips | Reuters        In the meantime, Meta and Microsoft say they will buy AMDS new AI Chip as an alternative to Nvidia: Meta and Microsoft to buy AMD's new AI chip as alternative to Nvidia (cnbc.com)        Since I feel so validated by the links above, I'll stop writing my DD, which would have additionally dealt with NVIDIA's past as a company (acquisitions) and the tricks to gain advantage in the consumer graphics card market (Raytracing, PhysiX).,;,; 2024-02-16 18:18:36]
[Tech Rally Lifts S&amp;P 500 Above 5,000 Mark,;,; The S&amp;P 500 climbed 0.6 percent on Friday to close at 5,026.61. It is now up more than 5 percent since the start of the year, and up nearly 40 percent since its October 2022 low.   .... Technology stocks have played a big role in the recent run.  Tech giants, including Apple, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon and Alphabet, have enormous sway over the index because of their size, and after they reported earnings last week, several of these stocks have soared.  ....  The rally hasn’t been limited to tech stocks: Disney, Ford and Chipotle, for instance, also reported earnings in the past week that beat analyst estimates and pushed their shares higher. Nearly 70 percent of the companies in the S&amp;P 500 had reported earnings as of Friday, with three-quarters of those reports better than expected, according to FactSet.  Source:  How is it that the tech stocks are leading the rally yet most of them are announcing major layoffs in the recent past?,;,; 2024-02-09 22:27:57]
[Is this a good time to buy bank stock?,;,; Given the recent decline in bank prices, is it a good time to buy into bank stocks? I currently hold BAC, C and USB at the moment, but am looking at buying into BMO and perhaps JEF. The dividends of these stocks look good and their prices (maybe except C) looks exceptionally good with the recent decline.   Current concentration in my portfolio:  Amazon/Apple/Google/Microsoft: 30% BAC/C/USB: 30% TSMC: 10% OXY: 5% VTI: 5%  Cash: 20%,;,; 2023-03-11 04:02:03]
[Video Game Stocks,;,; Anybody looking into buying video game stocks or ETFs now?  Over the last year or two a lot of video game companies have slowed down on releasing big titles, cut staff and frozen new hirings. There just haven’t been any big stories aside from the possible ATVI MSFT merger. Diablo 4 hype is another one.  But now it seems like the new cycle in gaming is starting with games that’ll fully utilize current console power. I’m expecting a slew of big titles to come out in 2024-2025.  I’m looking at Take Two, Tencent, CD Projekt, Nintendo and Sony that still have room to grow.  Electronic Arts, Microsoft and Activision Blizzard will no doubt have some big hitters but their entry price is already pretty high.  Thoughts?,;,; 2023-07-30 16:50:52]
[Is Qualcomm a good buying opportunity or are their best days behind them ?,;,; Here are a few notes from their earnings call :            With smartphone sales stalling, they are diversifying their revenues with automotive and IoT        Meta’s Quest 3 will be powered by Qualcom’s Snapdragon XR platform        Qualcomm seems to be counting a lot on the chinese market         They promise to announce exciting new products at Snapdragon Summit in October        Collaboration with Meta on Llama 2-based AI implementations on flagship smartphones and PCs        Collaboration with Microsoft to bring ‘’best-in-class’’ AI experience to users across multiple Microsoft products        They say their NPU’s ‘’unparalleled AI processing performance and power efficiency will become a requirement’’ .. hinting something will be announced at Snapdragon Summit         They will try to cut some costs in the first part of next year.         The smartphone market is stalling, but the market for brand-new phones is decreasing a lot (more people are buying used phones). They are confident the smartphone industry will rebound.        So … anyone bullish on Qualcomm ? or are they full of ish ?    ,;,; 2023-08-18 09:43:36]
[would like an opinion on selling AAPL/MSFT shares,;,; My stock portfolio is about 50% VOO/25% VGT and a bunch of individual stocks from different sectors. VOO and especially VGT are super heavy on AAPL &amp; MSFT as it is. The indiviaul Apple and Microsoft stocks I own make up about 15% of that remaining 25% of my portfolio. I bought them when they were really cheap in October 2022 and have held them since for some great returns. Now I am wondering if I should sell them and allocate into that \~15% into VIG or SCHD or other individual companies for more diversity.   Advice appreciated - ty!,;,; 2023-06-11 22:55:34]
[Short sellers are betting more than $1 trillion against US stocks after big run,;,; * Total US short interest exceeded $1 trillion as of last Friday, S3 Partners data shows. * The top five shorts are mega-cap tech stocks Tesla, Apple, Microsoft, Nvidia, and Amazon * That comes after big stock market gains so far this year.  US short interest this month rose to the highest level since April 2022, as investors bet that the current bull run in the stock market is set to falter.  According to data from S3 Partners, the amount spent by short sellers against US stocks hit $1.02 trillion, as of Friday. Those bets came even as they continued to rally earlier this month, costing short sellers $101 billion.  S3 data shows that the top shorts are Tesla, Apple, Microsoft, Nvidia, and Amazon. As of Friday, their collective short interest topped $83 billion.  The bearish sentiment results from skepticism about how much higher stocks can go. So far this year, the S&amp;P 500 is up 13.5%, and the Nasdaq is up 29%.  But since the Federal Reserve last week indicated more rate hikes are on the table this year, stocks have been on a losing streak.  This year, Wall Street has been caught up in the hype over artificial intelligence companies, which saw their valuations skyrocket and have brought more investors into the market due to "fear of missing out."  But big names have voiced divided outlooks on the AI frenzy. For instance, while Stanley Druckenmiller sees Nvidia as a stock worth holding for the next couple of years, short seller Jim Chanos has demonstrated skepticism towards the stock.  Meanwhile, the prospect of continued hawkishness from the Fed has added to macroeconomic risks. A recent Goldman Sachs report put the odds of a recession in the next 12 months at 25% and warned a downturn could cause a 23% decline in the S&amp;P 500.  Still, if bullish investors win out, short positions could eventually support market gains, as a short squeeze forces more buying and boosts stocks.,;,; 2023-06-24 10:48:34]
[Lululemon Athletica (LULU) To Join S&amp;P 500 Index,;,;   Lululemon Athletica will join the S&amp;P 500 index before the open on Wednesday, Oct. 18. LULU stock rose solidly late Friday after S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices made the announcement. Lululemon will replace Activision Blizzard in the S&amp;P 500. Microsoft closed its $69 billion takeover of Activision on Friday after a lengthy regulatory fight. LULU stock jumped 4.85% in after-hours trading, signaling a move above the 50-day moving average.,;,; 2023-10-14 03:42:59]
[Opinion about P/E ratios S&amp;P 500 and QQQ and investing right now.,;,; I feel that the P/E ratio of the SP500 and QQQ is quite high for keep investing into VOO and QQQ.   I am just not investing anymore, last movement I bought VOO after SVB crash. Then right before was Microsoft in the first week of January.   I just don't feel comfortable investing in the market now, there is not a single reason why the SP500 is trading at 24 points.   Just wanted to know your opinion about it.,;,; 2023-04-16 09:04:47]
[What will happen to the stock market if AI causes mass automation and unemployment?,;,; If a significant portion of knowledge workers become obsolete due to massive automation, will the stock market crash? I've been keeping up with the rapid pace of AI advancements and I really don't think society is prepared for a world where a significant number of people are displaced and completely unneeded. It's kind of bizarre to me that there isn't more planning for this situation.   In other words, will big tech stocks like Microsoft skyrocket, or will the economy crash during the transitory period? Is it better to invest now before these tech companies go crazy, or is it better to invest when the stock market crashes from people being unable to afford goods and services?   ,;,; 2023-04-08 17:31:02]
[Where are you building positions?,;,; I have a very small portfolio, about 14k. Over the last few years I lost a very, very substantial amount of money as a % of my portfolio making stupid trades. Mostly trying to be too cute with long dated call options that went terribly in the wrong direction and expired worthless, credit spreads, chasing some WSB tickers. Basically trading like I'm in a literal casino.  The last 18 months or so I've mostly gotten back on the right track and have been building positions in the big names that have been traditionally good bets over a long horizon. Google, apple, Amazon, meta, tesla, Microsoft, Nvidia, visa, you get the idea. I recently started a new job and can comfortably put $1000 a month into the market to chase some growth while equally contributing to my savings.  Something nearly all of these companies have in common is that they are all hovering at or near 52 week highs and while I'm not entirely deterred by that it gives me some pause.  Personally my next thought is to build a bigger position in the s&amp;p and nasdaq indices over the next few months since I'm currently concentrated in individual companies.   Beyond that I'm looking into different oil / ng etfs because I don't have any exposure there.   Just curious where other people stand with the run up on some of these more popular large caps and where you're currently looking to get exposure,;,; 2023-07-10 18:12:00]
[Summary of earnings from Jul 25 afternoon,;,; * 🔻 Microsoft MSFT beat expectations but gave weak guidance, stock is -3% after hours. * 💹 Google GOOG beat expectations, stock is up +6% after hours * 🔻Snap revenue keeps falling, and also weak guidance, stock down a whopping -20% after hours. * ↔️ Visa V beats on earnings, but growth has slowed, stock is flat (down -0.5%) after hours. * 🔻Texas Instruments forecast is weak, down -3.5%  after hours  The company list and order is a subset of the list from [ I only chose the largest companies in the list.  I have some MSFT stock but none of the others.,;,; 2023-07-26 00:38:12]
[Summary of stock market performance,;,; &amp;#x200B;  |Name|YTD|3 Years| |:-|:-|:-| |Super Micro Computer|182.60%|2435.73%| |ARM|70.79%|\-| |NVIDIA|46.63%|386.47%| |Meta|33.72%|80.96%| |Crowdstrike Holdings|28.95%|37.64%| |Uber|27.30%|34.24%| |Palo Alto|24.26%|176.95%| |Walt Disney|23.60%|\-39.23%| |ETH/USD|23.40%|44.02%| |BTC/USD|22.72%|\-7.18%| |Netflix|19.94%|8.09%| |Lyft|19.48%|\-69.61%| |AMD|17.95%|94.09%| |Merck&amp;Co|17.22%|80.35%| |IBM|14.73%|65.10%| |Travelers|14.19%|49.09%| |Berkshire Hathaway|13.83%|67.87%| |American Express|13.46%|61.38%| |Broadcom|11.58%|154.20%| |Amazon|11.56%|4.31%| |Cirrus|8.51%|2.37%| |Walmart|8.06%|23.15%| |Microsoft|7.45%|67.68%|  iShares Global 100: 5.37% YTD    Vanguard Information Technology: 5.17% YTD    Invesco Nasdaq 100: 5.17% YTD  Source: Investing ,;,; 2024-02-18 17:49:25]
[Activision Blizzard,;,; Just wanted to ask if there is a reason not to sell Activision right now.  As far as I know the buyout from Microsoft is 95 Dollars a share and the current price is a little over 94 Dollars.Even if it's unlikely the deal won't go through there is still a chance and I personally don't think it's worth it to wait it out.  Am I correct that i would get a maximum of 95 Dollars a share if the deal goes through or am I missing something?  Thanks,;,; 2023-09-22 12:01:24]
[Invest in S&amp;P 500 vs Splitting,;,; Hello everyone,  I am new to stocks but not new to the game (I’ve made some money with crypto).  As I was looking into stocks, I wondered if there is any difference in splitting 10k among companies like Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, C3.ai, or just putting all 10k into the S&amp;P 500.  Is there any difference, and which option could be more profitable?,;,; 2023-12-14 14:50:56]
[Realize gains and play safe, or just forget about it and come back in 10 years?,;,; I’ve got a bunch of big names that have done well in the last couple months, Stocks like apple, Microsoft, nvidia, meta, and google. should I take the W and put it into VTI/VFV, or just pretend it didn’t happen and come back to the stocks in 10 years. Nothing crazy, just a few houndred bucks between the bunch of ‘em, but I’d just DCA back into an ETF.  I’m young and don’t care about making money for the next 10 years.,;,; 2023-06-04 21:00:53]
[Which stocks encompass most trends that have a chance at catching up in the near future?,;,; I am talking things like AI, AR, VR, Metaverse (whatever that ends up being)...For example:  \- Microsoft: they kinda own OpenAI, they also own Github, so they have all the source code to feed their AI to become a God like programmer (Copilot with superpowers), and finally they own HoloLens, the AR platform.  \- Nvidia: Their GPUs seem to be powering everything futuristic, would've been a great buy few years back. Is there no other public company competing with Nvidia in the GPU chips supremacy?  \- Unity: Popular game engine that is also widely used to build AR/VR experiences, used by "web3" companies to build their "metaverse" dreams, so I see it as a bit of a crypto play too, and they added AI to the mix to automate game building.  Are there any other non-obvious stocks that offer a wide exposure to these kinda futuristic trends?,;,; 2023-07-21 23:50:16]
[AMD shares fall as first-quarter forecast comes in light,;,; Here’s how the company did versus LESG (formerly Refinitiv) consensus estimates for the quarter ended in December:  EPS: $0.77 per share, adjusted, versus $0.77 per share expected  Revenue: $6.17 billion, versus $6.12 billion expected   For the first quarter, AMD said it expects about $5.4 billion in sales, plus or minus $300 million, while analysts were looking for revenue of $5.73 billion. AMD added that it expected all of its major businesses, including server and PC chips, to decline sequentially during the quarter.  Net income in the fourth quarter was $667 million, or $0.41 per share, versus $21 million, or $0.01 per share a year ago.  AMD makes graphics processing units, or GPUs, which are needed to train and deploy generative artificial intelligence models. While that market is currently dominated by Nvidia, AMD has said that its new AI chips introduced last year will challenge Nvidia’s H100 GPUs for some applications, and investors are looking for significant growth in the company’s data center segment over the next few years.  In October, AMD said it expected $2 billion in server GPU sales in 2024.  But historically, AMD’s main business has been central processors, or CPUs, for PCs and servers. Compared to AI chips, that part of the semiconductor industry has been flat or shrinking over the past few years, as PC sales have suffered post-pandemic.  Data center, which includes server CPUs and AI chips, rose 38% on an annual basis to $2.28 billion in sales. It’s now firmly AMD’s largest business and the company said that much of the increase in revenue was attributable to “strong growth” for sales of its Instinct graphics processors, which are used for AI.  However, AMD’s overall performance in the business was in line with a $2.29 billion FactSet estimates for the Data Center business.  AMD’s client group, which is comprised mostly of chips for PCs and laptops, rose 62% year-over-year to $1.46 billion in sales, which the company said was boosted by recent chip launches.  Sales in AMD’s gaming segment, which includes “semi-custom” processors for Microsoft Xbox and Sony Playstation consoles, fell 17%. AMD blamed slower console sales, and said it expected semi-custom revenue to decline by a “significant” double-digit percentage in the current quarter.  AMD’s embedded segment, which includes chips for networking, reported $1.1 billion in sales, down 24% on an annual basis.  Source:  2024-01-30 21:45:47]
[Zoom is cutting about 150 jobs, or close to 2% of its workforce,;,; Zoom is cutting about 150 jobs, CNBC confirmed on Thursday, the latest tech company to slash headcount this year as investors continue to push for efficiency.  A Zoom spokesperson confirmed the cuts amount to less than 2% of the company’s workforce.  “We regularly evaluate our teams to ensure alignment with our strategy,” the spokesperson told CNBC in a statement. “As part of this effort, we are rescoping roles to add capabilities and continue to hire in critical areas for the future.”  Zoom said the layoffs are not companywide, and added that it will continue to hire for roles in artificial intelligence, sales, product and across operations in 2024.  The cuts at Zoom were first reported by Bloomberg.  As of Thursday, more than 100 tech companies have laid off about 30,000 employees to start the year, according to layoffs.fyi. January was the busiest month for job cuts in the industry since March.  Last month, Microsoft  cut 1,900 positions in its gaming division; Google  said it’s eliminating hundreds of roles across the company; and Amazon  laid off employees across its Prime Video, MGM Studios, Twitch and Audible divisions.  In addition to Zoom, cloud software vendor Okta  announced a downsizing on Thursday, telling employees that it’s laying off 400 staffers, or about 7% of its workforce.  Zoom exploded in popularity at the start of the Covid-19 pandemic as workers turned to the video-conferencing platform to stay in touch with colleagues, friends and family. But as the pandemic subsided and many workers returned to in-person roles, Zoom’s stock has stumbled.  Zoom shares are down about 10% this year and have dropped almost 90% from their record high in October 2020.  Last February, Zoom cut around 1,300 workers, or about 15% of its workforce, as the company braced for the “uncertainty of the global economy,” CEO Eric Yuan said at the time. The cuts in 2023 hit every organization across Zoom.  Source:  2024-02-01 21:23:46]
[AAPL price dump after VR headset reveal,;,; The price movement was directly correlated with the VR headset announcement along with the demo of features.  * Yes, it looks like ski goggles. * The OS is called **Vision Pro** * The VR OS is similar to Microsoft's Mixed Reality with their Hololens product which came out 8 years ago...  One of the **selling features** is that your eyes are visible, but the headset will conceal your eyes when you're fully immersed in an app.. which may or may not be groundbreaking as it didn't perfectly reveal your eyes (perhaps because there wasn't enough lighting inside the goggles to show your eyes clearly, but I think this could be fixed w/ software or by adding LED lights on the inside edges), however:  * If you can keep your headset on while talking to people in the room compared to the competition, this feature alone would win out  Price tag is $3500, but again this is the dev conference, so the consumer version of this product will come later, although I can see how a lot of developers might want to buy this thing (also consider that Apple has the largest developer network) compared to competitor headsets which cost 7x less (META is coming out with a $500 VR headset).  Something to note, the stock dropped nearly 1.5% during all the free features (before the VR headset) that were going to be included to existing users, however that did coincide with the market indexes dropping as well.  Total drop from the peak was around 3.5% however the stock recovered nearly a percent, today's loss is only around 0.75% after falling from making another new 52w all time high.  Trading volume was 2x the normal average, so ending red is very significant.  META &amp; MSFT stayed relatively flat compared to AAPL.  Overall I think this was bad news for the stock in the short term; buy the rumor sell the news type event.  If the VR headset was truly revolutionary, stock price would have gone much higher, **so we have to wait &amp; see what Apple developers can do with this headset for consumers &amp; what Apple's actual consumer version of the headset will be.**  Than after 12 to 18 months when the killer apps come out, re-evaluate Apple's VR headset.  FYI I own AAPL stock,;,; 2023-06-05 20:27:12]
[Sold a lot today,;,; Not sure what came over me but I wanted to mitigate some risk and sold off some positions today.   Sold all of these for a profit: Apple Microsoft  Google  Draftkings  Sofi MGM Celsius   Reallocated some funds to SPY which is now 70% of my portfolio. Holding some MARA stock and some random junk as well.  Not sure if I want to stay in cash for a bit or just DCA everything into SPY. Also, this is not a humble brag, I really don’t know what I’m doing and feel like I might purchase real estate within a year or two and being so heavily in stocks makes me a little nervous I guess.,;,; 2023-06-26 21:03:14]
[Where to Invest for the Future of Remote Work?,;,; I am a strong believer that remote work will become the new normal, and traditional office spaces are likely to lose their appeal. I'm looking to make smart investments that benefit from this shift towards remote work. I'm not interested in shorting real estate office REITs, but in finding companies providing services/products that benefit from this trend. All I can think of is Logitech, Microsoft (Azure), HVAC manufacturers…    Have a great day!,;,; 2023-04-27 11:53:28]
[Is there much point trying to find small AI companies?,;,; I feel like there isn't much point in trying to find small cap AI stocks when the biggest leaders who are spending the most and will probably achieve the most are the likes of google, microsoft etc  Anyone disagree? happy to hear about any small cap AI stocks that people might be invested in too,;,; 2023-03-16 20:35:40]
[I've got $500K burning a hole in my pocket: should I bet it all on tech stocks?,;,; I am 33.  I have been operating a business the past 6 years and have about $500k in a high-yield savings account.  I held more cash than I think I would have liked to because I wanted to reinvest in the business and potentially try some new ideas.    &amp;#x200B;  Nonetheless I am sitting on post-tax cash of $500k.  I already have $335k in 401(k) with 100% in VTI.  Although the Marcus high yield savings is great I feel like I am sitting on way too much cash. Ideally I want to hold at least $150k so I have runway for business for the next year or two.     Obviously all of us wish we had thrown a large brick of cash into tech stocks, etc. at the end of 2022 - trying not to let that sting but it definitely is hard feeling like I could have just thrown money into stocks and not had to work so hard building a business - hindsight bias is a bitch lol.  I am grateful to be in this position but still feel like I have totally missed the boat.  &amp;#x200B;  I am thinking about putting like $300k into Google, Amazon and Microsoft because I feel that cloud computing and AI are only going to become more popular.  I use AWS a lot and see almost all of my clients using AWS.  Also maybe Apple just because they have a really good moat.  &amp;#x200B;  Bottom line is should I just throw excess capital into tech stocks, put it all in VTI or do something else?  I calculate if I just do VTI and chill it will be worth like $5M later but I am like...AI is going to change earth, needs significant compute from the cloud and even though I missed the 2023 runup in tech it feels like there is still a lot of growth left.  My goal is to get as rich as possible as young as possible, ideally without having to wait to 59.5 years old to withdraw.  &amp;#x200B;  I feel extremely confused about what to do next and financial advisors I talk to all seem to honestly have no idea what to do either.  What would you do in this situation?,;,; 2023-12-23 17:59:39]
[Tech Undervalued?,;,; From peak: - Google down 21% - Amazon down 40% - Tesla down 60% - META down 37%  Any good reasons why these stocks failed to recover in the same way as NVidia, Apple, and Microsoft? Would this be a reason to remain bullish with these companies in the short to medium term? Why or why not?  I see QQQ reaching critical resistance. Is anyone confident that it’ll break thru?  I’m considering selling some stocks for a large purchase, but there’s no urgency.,;,; 2023-05-12 02:55:46]
[Opinion on what to do,;,; What’s better, 5 fractional share or 1 full share?  Charles Schwab gave me 101$ divided into the top 5 stocks. (20.20 in each)  Should I keep them, or sell and buy 1 full share?   The shares are in  Amazon Google  Apple Microsoft Nvidia corp  I’m new to investing. Thanks,;,; 2023-10-05 01:01:52]
[Bought my first individual stock today.,;,; I bought MSFT around 10:30am, which I plan to hold for a long time.   It's already gone up 1%, not that it won't go down again.  It will be fun to watch.  I hope this kind of post is okay.  I'm just excited.  (Up until today its all been in managed accounts.  This was an impulse buy driven by my personal interest (AI), so I hope this wasn't too irrational of a purchase.  Technically I had some MSFT in my managed account, but this was the first time I bought on my own, separately.  I'm usually too much of a chicken to buy stocks.  This is less than 1% of my total.)  ----  UPDATE: Since I'm getting some salty and sarcastic comments, I'll explain my thinking, although it'll likely attract more saltiness:  I'm gambling Microsoft will become the leader in AI given what's happened in the last 24 hours. OpenAI's loss of staff (up to 70%!) and leadership will cause it to go into permanent stagnation and lose its lead (unless they pull off some miracle this week).   MSFT is perfectly positioned to take over OpenAI's near monopoly on consumer AI in less than a year. They already know how to operate OpenAI's hardware infrastructure and have poached many of OpenAI's employees and leadership.  AI is the "next big thing", as big as the PC, the Internet, or the iPhone, and AGI, in whenever year it comes, will be even bigger.  AI hasn't fully saturated all domains, yet, so the full impact hasn't been felt by most people or industries... yet.  People are commenting, "but it's at ATH", which is true.  AAPL was at an all time high in late 2006 (if I have the timing right), and then the iPhone happened.  And all that said, this is 1% of my portfolio.  Calm down.  This was for fun.  I was hoping this would be a friendly community.  edit: removed how many shares I bought as it bothered some people.,;,; 2023-11-20 17:13:05]
[Is stock lending a good option? How safe is it? What are the pros and cons?,;,; I have been investing for a couple years now and I have been seeing mentions of stock lending recently. I read that it was relatively safe but I’m a little skeptical. If I were to do it are there certain stocks or sectors I should lend or does it matter? How much of my portfolio should I lend? For a little more context the stocks in my portfolio are Bank of America, AT&amp;T, Exxon Mobil, Coca Cola, Realty Income, Chevron, Disney, Enterprise Products, Tesla, and Microsoft. Thank you for your help.,;,; 2023-11-30 22:41:48]
[ATVI Stock/Cancellation Fee,;,; Does anyone have any estimates on what will happen to Activision stock if the deal completely falls through between Activision/Blizzard and Microsoft? They will receive a $3 billion cancellation fee.  Will this cause any real effect on their stock price?,;,; 2023-04-28 01:23:21]
[Cisco cutting 5% of global workforce in restructuring move,;,; Cisco announced plans to cut 5% of its workforce on Wednesday, a decision that will result in the elimination of about 4,250 jobs. Shares were down 4% in extended trading.  It’s the latest tech company to downsize in 2024, as the industry continues to squeeze out costs following the market downturn that hit two years ago. January was the busiest month for job cuts in the industry since March, as Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft and SAP all said they were eliminating positions, as did eBay Unity and Discord. So far this year, 144 tech companies have laid off almost 35,000 workers, according to the website Layoffs.fyi.  In addition to disclosing the job cuts, Cisco reported strong fiscal second-quarter results but gave a light forecast. Here’s how it did in comparison with the consensus from LSEG, formerly known as Refinitiv:  Earnings per share: 87 cents, adjusted, vs. 84 cents expected  Revenue: $12.79 billion, vs. $12.71 billion expected  Cisco’s revenue declined 6% year over year during the quarter, which ended on Jan. 27, according to a statement. Net income declined to $2.63 billion, or 65 cents per share, from $2.77 billion, or 67 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.  Revenue from networking products totaled $7.08 billion, slightly below the $7.10 billion consensus among analysts surveyed by StreetAccount.  With respect to guidance, Cisco called for 84 to 86 cents per share on $12.1 billion to $12.3 billion. Analysts polled by LSEG were looking for 92 cents per share on $13.09 billion in revenue.  For the full year, Cisco sees $3.68 to $3.74 in adjusted earnings per share and $51.5 billion to $52.5 billion in revenue. Analysts had projected $3.86 in adjusted earnings per share, with $54.26 billion in revenue.  Source:  2024-02-14 21:16:43]
[Is stock lending a good option? How safe is it? What are the pros and cons?,;,; I have been investing for a couple years now and I have been seeing mentions of stock lending recently. I read that it was relatively safe but I’m a little skeptical. If I were to do it are there certain stocks or sectors I should lend or does it matter? How much of my portfolio should I lend? For a little more context the stocks in my portfolio are Bank of America, AT&amp;T, Exxon Mobil, Coca Cola, Realty Income, Chevron, Disney, Enterprise Products, Tesla, and Microsoft. Thank you for your help.,;,; 2023-11-30 20:12:16]
[Exxon Mobil or Chevron?,;,; So I’m just putting $1 into 12 different stocks, I’m thinking of getting some gas company available to buy on Cash App, and Exxon Mobil and Chevron seems like the safest choices, but I don’t know which one is better. Heres what I have as of now (Every stock has $1 in it): Nextracker Pepsi Walmart Toyota Kroger Union Pacific Microsoft NVIDIA  Apple DoorDash and I’m thinking of getting American airlines.,;,; 2023-05-14 02:27:50]
[I bought iShares World Equity Index Fund, appreciate your advice/comments.,;,;   I bought like 250$ iShares World Equity Index Fund (LU) It includes Apple Inc, Microsoft Corp, Amazon Com Inc, Nvidia Corp, Meta Platforms Inc Class A, Tesla Inc, Alphabet Inc Class A, United Health Group Inc and more but Apple has the biggest share in the fund. Fund manager is BlackRock and risk score is 6 out of 7 i guess this is high because all these companies are the biggest in the world so i thought it would be more safer but this risk score i don’t know. Appreciate your advice. I do not need this money in short-term tho but i am wondering is this fund aims to make profit in long term or mid term? (years) I may add usd to this fund monthly basis.,;,; 2024-01-22 21:48:31]
[Interactive Brokers is good for investing long term (5-10 years)?,;,; I convinced my father to start investing some money each month in stocks    to generate profits in 5 or 10 years, as a support for the pension he would get (which isn't high). I think that investing in companies such as Google, Apple or Microsoft would work for this objective but I don't know which platform would be good for this. Interactive Brokers should work? or do you recommend another one? I live in South America and the other brokers that he could use are XTB, Tickmill, Avatrade, Ninjatrade and other few.,;,; 2023-07-31 08:25:16]
[Rebalance the portfolio,;,; I’ve been investing in stocks since I was 18, now I’m 31. I’ve mostly bought and held “FANG” companies. I’m starting to build up a nice amount of money and would like to rebalance/reduce risk/make a plan.   Current portfolio breakdown: Meta 31% Amazon 16% Google 15% Microsoft 15% Apple 11% JEPI 6% Cash 6%  I’ve been selling a little bit of Meta every couple days, it’s recent growth has caused it to become a third of my portfolio.,;,; 2023-05-31 14:20:57]
[Can someone explain why ATVI is not delisted?,;,; It was written the company will get delisted today because of the merger with Microsoft but so far it seems it is still there and even with a 2$ discount.  I don't see any talks about this does anyone know what is going on with that?,;,; 2023-07-17 15:09:49]
[Bloomberg is losing within a week this time ...,;,; S&amp;P 500 reached 5K milestone last evening and steps into 5,020 level today .......  &amp;#x200B;  **Stock Market’s ‘Rah-Rah Mob’ Confronts February’s Weak Record**  [  * This month is historically among the three worst for equities * Building bullish sentiment, Fed signals also raising red flags  &amp;#x200B;  *With the S&amp;P 500 Index coming off its best stretch in nearly four decades, the road gets tougher for investors as the calendar flips to February — historically one of the rockiest times of the year for US stocks.*  *After a torrid rally of almost 20% since October that took the S&amp;P 500 to its first records in two years, there’s ample reason for concern: Artificial-intelligence hype came in for a reality check with the latest batch of big-tech earnings; fevered speculation that the Federal Reserve would start easing next month has gone cold; and valuations remain elevated relative to history, evoking memories of the dot-com bubble for some strategists.*  *And then there’s February’s rough history — it’s the third-worst month for the S&amp;P 500 in the past 30 years, behind September and August, data compiled by Bloomberg show.*  *Some of Wall Street’s biggest optimists are growing worried that the enthusiasm that drove the surge to all-time highs is sending a contrarian signal. In the week through Jan. 30, a ratio of bulls to bears identified in an Investors Intelligence survey of newsletter writers hit its highest since around mid-2021, months before stocks neared their prior peak, Yardeni Research analysis shows.*  *“There’s a ‘rah-rah’ mob mentality in the stock market, with some traders drunk on their own wine,” betting on Fed easing as soon as March and upwards of six cuts this year, said Nick Giacoumakis, president of NEIRG Wealth Management. “That’s totally unrealistic. If you keep buying Big Tech stocks at these levels, you’re asking for trouble.”*  *This month is off to a banner start, with the market wrapping up its 13th gain in 14 weeks. The S&amp;P 500 hasn’t seen a streak like that since 1986.*  *Solid earnings from Meta Platforms Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. drove the strength at the end of last week, after Microsoft Corp., Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. released results that fell sort of investor expectations on AI.*  *February has a tendency to start on a high note, although the strength typically fades around mid-month as investors book profits, according to Jeffrey Hirsch, editor of the Stock Trader’s Almanac. That’s particularly the case if stocks get a boost in January — like they often do — following tax-loss harvesting in December.*  *For the skittish camp, the latest signals from the Fed are a source of angst.*  *Fed Chair Jerome Powell suggested last week that the central bank wasn’t about to lower rates anytime soon, and that was before Friday’s blockbuster jobs report. After that data, swaps traders chopped the probability of a March rate cut to around 20%, and no longer see a May reduction as a done deal.*  *For some would-be dip-buyers, that raises red flags, especially with the latest Deutsche Bank AG data showing that aggregate equity positioning among rules-based and discretionary funds is in the top quarter of observations going back to 2010. The bullish skew raises questions over who’s left to buy after fund managers piled into stocks at a furious pace in November, December and January.*  *“I really hope we get a correction in the stock market soon,” said Nancy Tengler, chief investment officer at Laffer Tengler Investments. “A selloff may not feel good at first, but I have a lot of money that I want to put to work for my clients.”*  *She plans to use any pullback to add shares of Palo Alto Networks Inc., Microsoft and Amazon.*  *At NEIRG Wealth, Giacoumakis said he owns megacap tech stocks, which have driven the bulk of the market’s advance over the past year, but he isn’t adding to his position due to lofty valuations.*  *Members of the so-called Magnificent Seven companies, the biggest firms in the S&amp;P 500 — Apple Inc., Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Nvidia Corp. and Tesla Inc. — carry a 33% premium to the index in terms of forward price-to-earnings, data compiled by Bloomberg show.*  *Of course, sentiment can stay frothy for weeks — even months — before stocks suffer a significant drop, notes Hirsch at the Stock Trader’s Almanac, who correctly called the S&amp;P 500’s double-digit rise in 2023.*  *Take 2021, he said: Back then, the ratio of bulls to bears in the Investors Intelligence survey was hovering at current levels for most of that year, while equities continued to rip higher.*  *“Stocks are ripe for a pullback soon, but nothing sinister,” said Hirsch, who sees the S&amp;P 500 potentially topping 5,000 this month before retreating to its prior high near 4,800 — or a 4% drop.*  *“Market breadth is already lacking right now, with fewer stocks participating in this rally.”*,;,; 2024-02-09 18:49:32]
[EU Chips act passed - who will win?,;,; [  ASML is a possibility, but I'm worried this is already priced in to the stock  NXP - maybe?  Will NVidia / Microsoft / AWS / Intel / AMD / ARM manage to find a way to be stamped 'made in Europe'?  Who will pull in those contracts do you think?,;,; 2023-04-24 20:15:45]
[How to stay up-to-date with the latest AI company announcements and events?,;,; There has been so many events lately, such as Microsoft future of work with AI, Google I/O, Nvidia GTC, etc. How do you stay up-to-date with all of these AI events held by these tech companies, are there certain websites or resources that you use to know when they’re happening?,;,; 2023-05-11 22:05:14]
[Portfolio suggestions,;,; So I have an account with 75% split ~evenly between Amazon, Microsoft, Costco, Shopify, Apple, and Coinbase It’s very basic and not very creative I know lol. But it’s performed well enough for me  I just closed out activision which I picked up when it felt way oversold, and just sold Tesla cause Elon is getting more and more weird and unhinged  What would you personally add with the other 25% cash?,;,; 2023-07-11 18:54:49]
[what is a good Battery ETF or AI ETF?,;,; I think both Battery technology is the bottle neck of most tech and it due for huge innovation. like solid state or structural battery in massive scale. It is just too hard to pick the winner now. hence I am looking for a good battery ETF.  &amp;#x200B;  AI Is also very new and it hard to know who has the moat and who will come on top in 10 years. AI is like going back to 2000 with all the internet companies. It impossible to know who will be Apple/Google/Microsoft like and who will be yahoo. but the whole industry will grow in rapid past and will be seen everywhere. So I am looking for a good AI ETF until I am convinced I can distinguish the winners.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-10 17:55:33]
[ATH | Leverage | Index Funds and more,;,; I got a few questions as a newbie  &amp;#x200B;  1. Some of the companies I want to invest long-term are either at their ATH or close to ATH, like Microsoft  or Nvidia. I'm wondering whether I should wait for it to drop, because most of the stock market is green this year, so I have a feeling it may drop since it grew so much, what do you think? Some of it just recovered from 2022 to it's pre-2022 state, but Nvidia has 205% growth this year, which is crazy 2. Index funds - the legendary S&amp;P 500. Everyone says it's the most stable etc - but I've found other indexes with even better growth. SP500 usually have the 7-10% yearly return and last 5 years went up 56%, but for example the INDEX Vanguard Growth ETF went up 87% for the last 5 years - and it was also a steady growth, not a lucky spike during one period. What do you think, is it really smart to go with SP500 or are there other ones that are much better, even tho SP500 is so hyped by everyone? and if you agree - what other indexes with better return would you recommend? 3. Leverage - I'm not familiar with how much can you leverage in stocks, but for people that invest in the top 10, which most likely will go up in the future, wouldn't be smarter to invest it with i.e 5x leverage, since the companies like Microsoft are stable, and eventually will grow?  4. Stock Math  - let's say I invest $10.000 in a stock and it declines -50%. I know have $5.000. If it goes up by 50%, do I get $7.500 or do I get my $10.000 back? Logically the first answer, but something doesn't give me a peace of mind here, so I prefer to ask 5. Eli Lilly - what do you think about this stock? Growed massive amount lately, and pharmaceutical industry will definitely be there in 5 or 10 years.,;,; 2023-11-06 14:09:30]
[I want to diversify out of cash,;,; I hold about 5k in MSFT and APPL, mostly Microsoft. The mass majority of my money is in cash. I’m turning 25 and I’m trying to learn more about the market.  I’m going to buy more Apple because I believe in the company long term. I’m afraid of the Nvidia AI bubble, Google is already up like 40% this year… I almost threw a bunch of cash into meta but I missed that train. Outside of tech I’ve been looking at the Disney dumpster fire considering maybe I should invest now because I don’t think they are going anywhere.  I know this sub is for more knowledgeable people but I’m really not that stock savvy. Sad to say most of my cash came from investing in the crypto ripple @ 3 cents and selling near 3 dollars.  Not asking what to do, but interested in other peoples long term plays. Not looking to get rich overnight, just want to get out of a mostly cash portfolio.  Curious what others are thinking during this pump upwards. Thanks!,;,; 2023-07-18 23:00:18]
[Short position on a delisting stock?,;,; I'm sorry i wouldn't find an answer to this question from google so here I am. What happens if I hypothetically own a short position in a stock that is acquired or delists. Let's say I own a short position in activision when it's get bought by microsoft at 95$, will i have to cover it somehow or does it just disappear from existence?,;,; 2023-04-07 20:57:14]
[Intel Unveils New AI PC Chips and Server Processors,;,; [  Intel is going all-in on boosting artificial-intelligence performance across its computer processor lineup.        On Thursday, the semiconductor company launched a new lineup of laptop processors named “Core Ultra,” which are designed to enhance AI-related features in PC software applications.  “The launch of Intel Core Ultra represents the unmatched scale and speed at which Intel is enabling AI on the PC,” Michelle Johnston Holthaus, Intel’s general manager of Client Computing Group said in a news release. “Intel is best-positioned to deliver this next generation of computing.”        The executive predicts AI PCs, which have capabilities to accelerate AI workloads, will account for 80% of the PC market over the next four years. The chip maker also said more than 100 software vendors have optimized their applications with AI-related features that take advantage of Core Ultra.  Starting Thursday, computers with the Core Ultra chips are available worldwide from leading PC makers, including Acer, Dell, HP  , Lenovo, Microsoft  and Samsung        Intel also launched its latest server processors—the fifth-generation Intel Xeon chips.        “Designed for AI, our 5th Gen Intel Xeon processors provide greater performance to customers deploying AI capabilities across cloud,” Intel general manager of Data Center and AI Group Sandra Rivera said in a separate release.    ,;,; 2023-12-14 16:16:38]
[Is there any point in selling if holding on to your profitable stocks?,;,; I began investing in November 2021 and in hindsight I probably spread myself a little thin and bought into too many companies. Hopefully the screenshot I've provided is clear enough but just to add some context, the companies I've invested in more than once are:     &amp;nbsp;    Agronomics, Merck KGaA, Emmerson, Berkshire, Brookfield, Microsoft, ASTS and Rocket Lab. Most of the others I'm happy to just let run at this stage.   &amp;nbsp;   I'm in my early 30s so I was looking to take some risks (clearly). There's no incentive to invest in an ETF where I'm based (otherwise I wouldn't be stock picking). In hindsight I made some really poor decisions when I started out and it's sort of made me put my money on deposit since late 2022. I'm not sure what's the best move here.   &amp;nbsp;  My current position is:   &amp;nbsp;  70k on deposit. I'm holding it for a potential house deposit down the line.&amp;nbsp;  41k invested since the end of 2021 but this is now only worth 31k.     &amp;nbsp;     The stocks I'm no longer convinced by:   &amp;nbsp;   ASTS   Polight   Rocket Lab   Steakholder Foods (formerly MITC)   &amp;nbsp;   Does it even make sense to get rid of some of these if I'm planning to hold onto Berkshire, Alphabet etc for the foreseeable future? Is it basically just a case of letting the losers run and then offsetting them against any gains down the line?      &amp;nbsp;  [Current portfolio](    &amp;nbsp;  Thanks in advance.,;,; 2024-01-01 16:55:33]
[iPhone sales slow down: Apple to see sharpest fall in revenue since 2016 as analysts stress on AI to boost growth,;,; Apple is expected to witness a decline in iPhone sales during the April-June quarter, attributed to cautious consumer behaviour in a slow economy as the launch of a new model is anticipated. As the tech giant prepares to release its earnings report, analysts emphasise the significance of revealing its utilisation of artificial intelligence (AI) to boost growth.  Apple, the world's most valuable company, is projected to experience a 1.6% dip in total quarterly revenue, which would mark its sharpest decrease in third-quarter revenue since 2016, according to Refinitiv. Specifically, iPhone sales are anticipated to have declined by over 2% during this period, based on a survey of 24 analysts conducted by Visible Alpha. This contrasts with a nearly 3% increase in sales during the same quarter last year and a 1.5% rise in the preceding quarter (January-March).  The upcoming quarterly report may serve as a deviation from the positive earnings trend observed in other prominent tech companies such as Meta Platforms (formerly Facebook), Alphabet (Google's parent company) and Microsoft. These companies have demonstrated resilience in their cloud-based operations and have witnessed a surge in digital ad sales. "Apple is not immune to general macroeconomic trends and will continue to set the pace (for the smartphone industry) for quite some time," Reuters quoted Bob O'Donnell, founder of TECHnalysis Research, as saying. In September, analysts anticipate the unveiling of the much-anticipated iPhone 15, which could feature the widely accepted USB-C port on certain models. This development may provide a slight boost to iPhone sales during the July-September quarter, according to market experts, who have differing opinions on the overall performance during this period.  Notably, Apple has a tradition of not providing quarterly outlooks. However, industry analysts speculate that the tech giant might shed light on its utilisation of AI to enhance the upcoming product lineup, offering insights into the company's innovative approach.,;,; 2023-08-02 01:27:57]
[How do you recommend deciding which stocks to pick?,;,; Okay so I know a little bit about stocks, but not a lot by any means, and would like to understand:  1. How market cap is determined (originally I thought it was just Market Cap = Stock Price x # of Shares) but found out there's way more that factors into it (reason I care is because I heard it's a good indicator to predict future prices)  2. Just curious how other investors decide on which stocks to pick? For example, I saw that QQQ, VTI, VOO, &amp; IVV all have done about 10% per year, the last 10 years, and since they're index funds, figured they'd be somewhat safe) but then saw some like Apple, Microsoft, &amp; Nvidia have done up to 27% per year for the last 10 years and want to make the most of my money so I can retire someday (currently 29 years old)  Additional Info: Grew up poor, with next to no financial education and just trying to learn so I can have a good financial future, and pretty much just try to self educate with Google and YouTube (like Graham Stephan, Andrei Jikh, etc). But sorry if I got any info wrong just trying to learn.   Thanks in advance,;,; 2023-11-15 19:00:17]
[Softbank files for ARM IPO. Looking to raise $8-10b. I'm not buying.,;,; Original post: [  **Edit: People are very confused about how ARM licensing works. Read this explanation first:**  &gt;ARM licenses its [ISA]( and/or stock CPU designs to companies. Some companies license both. They pay more. Some companies only license the ISA. They pay less. Apple only licenses the ISA, for example.   Apple's ARM-based designs actually compete with ARM's stock designs. This is why your iPhone is always faster than Android phones.   Yes, Apple is both a customer and a competitor to ARM.   Stock ARM chips are used by companies like Qualcomm, Mediatek, etc. But slowly, these companies are moving away from them and they're designing their own ARM-based chips. This means ARM will make less money from them and they too, will become both customers and competitors to ARM.   ARM's biggest customers are an existential threat to ARM's most profitable business.  I'm not buying. While I believe that ARM CPUs will continue to take marketshare away from x86 on laptops, desktops, and servers, I don't believe the company will be that profitable.  Despite licensing its IP and being at the core of the mobile world, ARM's business model makes peanuts compared to Apple, Qualcomm, AMD, Intel, Nvidia. ARM's last reported revenue was $2b/year. Apple makes that in 1.5 days. Microsoft makes 88x more. Intel makes 39x more. Qualcomm makes 17x more.  In essence, ARM can't compete with the big boys and far more profitable companies are poaching their talent. Take for example, Mike Filippo, a lead architect at ARM, was poached by Apple then poached by Microsoft.  ARM simply can't compete with the money that big tech can throw at their top employees. If you're a top student graduate, you're going to Apple/Intel/AMD/Nvidia. You're not going to ARM Austin Texas. Whenever a big tech company wants to build a custom ARM chip, they go raid ARM talent.  This basically means ARM won't be able to match the performance of big tech designs with their stock ARM cores. And it shows because Apple Silicon is far ahead of stock ARM cores, Qualcomm themselves will be building custom ARM cores again, and Ampere is [ditching stock ARM cores]( for their own custom server cores.  Companies that only rely on the ARM ISA pay far less in licensing fees than companies that also license ARM core designs.  Nvidia buying ARM would have injected the capital needed to compete with Apple, Qualcomm, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, AMD, Intel designs and future designs. And it would have been cool to see ARM SoCs with Nvidia IP. I was/am [one of the few people]( on Reddit who actually liked the deal. The vast majority of people were in the camp of "zomg Nvidia closed source monopoly price fixing omg". Reddit hive mind is real.  Anyways, I'm bullish on custom ARM designs long-term. I'm bearish on ARM the company because their stock cores can't compete with high-end custom ARM cores and high-end x86 cores. If their stock cores can't outperform custom cores, then they will be reduced to small licensing fees forever. This doesn't justify their $40b+ valuation. Every big player in the mobile space is making tens or hundreds of billions. Somehow the tech that is crucial to the mobile world is making peanuts. This isn't going to change and might get worse.  ARM is essential but not a cash cow and has no potential to be a cash cow.  There is no doubt that Softbank saw the same thing and wanted to unload ARM. First, by trying to sell it to a company that valued its technology more than its financials. Now by trying to IPO. Buyers beware.,;,; 2023-05-01 13:12:08]
[Perspective: VOO holdings vs Index,;,; VOO is +16.79% YTD.   292 stocks are in the green YTD.   134 stocks within the index are outperforming the index.   109 stocks are better than +20% YTD, and MMC is barely outside of that at +19.98%.   85 stocks are better than +25%.   63 stocks are better than +30%.   52 stocks are better than +35%. AAPL is number 52, meaning that 51 stocks have outperformed AAPL YTD.   41 stocks are better than +40% YTD. Microsoft is number 37.   32 stocks are better than +45%.   25 stocks are better than +50% YTD.   11 stocks are +65% or better. Only 4 of those 11 are ‘magnificent 7’ stocks.   The point of this is to provide clarity relative to the popular talking point around the index being propped up by a handful of stocks. Though market cap weighting and extreme outperformance certainly result in the ‘magnificent 7’ doing a lot of lifting, it’s also true that there are many other companies pulling alongside them.,;,; 2023-09-16 03:48:11]
[O'Reilly stock price per share is insane and the upward trajectory over time is always a winner, but like, why?,;,; Upfront, I am not saying "OMG go buy this stock." I don't do that and I doubt I ever will. Just wanted to get that out of the way.  So I have very few shares (2 I think, lol) which is why I have looked at Oreilly semi-regularly. If you look at their gains over time they never seem to lose, day to day, month to month, year to year, etc. I mostly only know them as an autoparts store chain, so what makes them so profitable? Is it other deals with car companies that we don't see or do they make money off of car sales in some way? What's the deal with them? They're around $940/share at the moment, which, as always, is the highest they've ever been. Apple, microsoft, amazon, etc, doesn't come close to this price so, what's up with that?,;,; 2023-05-05 18:44:04]
[IBM, what's not to like?,;,; Though the company has not experienced the same Bull run from the current AI hype, IBM in my opinion is not a poor hold. To be honest, in addition to its track-record as dividend atistocrat there is enough deep value locked in its business to make it a more than decent stock to hold for the long-term. IBM has shown its ability to adapt and pivot when industries and demand changes. In this respect, it has shown to stay relevant in contemporary times.  Sure if you do a deep dive in its management, cash flow operations and product/service offerings there are arguments that might paint a different picture. Moreover, why invest in a company that does not have the same sex appeal as Microsoft, Oracle or Google and is underperforming if looked at these competitors. Even the current PE (over 60) could indicate that in IBM is at best fairly priced. So why even bother to give it a second glance.   Well, IBM, the ugly ducklin compared to its peers, is about to become a Swan again. Looking at the growth potential of its AI business, there are significant indicators that it will see value grow in the mid-long term. Apart from AI, the consultancy division also have potential for future growth. I would even argue that the risk of owning IBM stock is mitigated by its strong record of dividend payments. This makes it an asset that will provide sufficient cash-flow.   Though I am not claiming that its stock will see a 2 ot 3 x in growth (I do not see this happening), I am willing to bet that it will beat the S&amp;P 500.   What are your thoughts? At time of writing I own 7 stocks and have gained approximately 10 %,;,; 2023-08-11 14:05:09]
[ATVI Options Question,;,; Microsoft is trying to buy Activision. If the deal is approved, they will be buying $ATVI at $95/share. If the deal does not get approved, $ATVI will more than likely drop to a lower price. My question is, why would anyone be buying Calls at the $95 strike price? The price cap for $ATVI is pretty much capped at $95 so it seems every Call bought at this price is guaranteed to expire worthless. Does anyone here know what might be going on? Thanks.,;,; 2023-04-14 00:59:54]
[Is A Combination like Endeavor and WWE Good for SP500 investors?,;,; Maybe this merger isn’t the best. Let’s say the Microsoft Activision merger. Wouldn’t this just combine their values and allow another company to enter the SP500? Making the SP500 fund worth more (although not noticeably more)? So, people who just take Warren’s advice and DCA into the SP500 be happy with big mergers?,;,; 2023-04-04 02:10:09]
[Understanding the rabbit of commercial real estate,;,; There's been some rumblings about how commercial real estate is the next  bubble (somewhat mirroring 2008's crash with residential real estate) that will pop and create the next cataclysmic recession.  I sympathize with the Mark Baum depiction in the Big Short.. as just in my large urban city, retail and commercial stores/companies are quietly closing and vacating left and right. Restaurants that have been cultural staples for decades, gone overnight... major retail chains closing down locations in high traffic areas  (CVS for example), companies vacating their commercial office buildings for smaller locations as a result of WFH, etc...... YET, the general market sentiment still seems bullish as everyone is expecting fund rates to pause as inflation has been decelerating.   It feels like something is going to eventually break.. but I don't understand enough about commercial real estate to understand how. Seems like a lot of commercial real estate and lending is all private owned.. so trying to understand if there even is a play to 'profit' on a commercial real estate collapse.  To give a specific example:  \&gt; Microsoft has confirmed this year that they will not be renewing their lease at City Center Plaza in Bellevue in 2024.  \&gt; In the midst of Microsoft's exit, the building owner, CommonWealth Partners LLC, will have to continue to foot the bill for the building.  \&gt; Who is lending money to these building owners? What happens if the building owners can't pay back the lenders.. or pay the taxes? Does everything implode on the private side?  And if everything implodes on the private side and/or local governments aren't getting their tax money.. what happens then and is there a financial play from the stock market perspective?  Sorry that this isn't directly related to stocks... just trying to understand how this fits into the bigger picture narrative that we are (or maybe aren't) headed to a cataclysmic recession.,;,; 2023-04-19 15:05:29]
[Google parent Alphabet’s stock hit with two downgrades this week,;,; In his research note, Shmulik said Alphabet’s “narrative has caught up with the fundamentals.” In other words, the stock is priced to match the company’s current performance and outlook. He also raised concerns about the way market sentiment went negative on the company after OpenAI announced ChatGPT in Nov. 2022 only to turn positive when the tech titan debuted its own generative AI software in May.        “What do we imagine would happen then, in any of the next 2-4 quarters, if Google Search numbers were to come in 'soft'? We imagine investors may once again ring the alarm bells around AI-related risks to Google's Search moat,” Shmulik wrote.  The analysts also pointed to Google’s Search Generative Experience (SGE) as a potential headwind for the company’s search advertising business. SGE is Google’s experimental generative AI-powered search platform. Like Microsoft’s Bing, it uses generative AI to provide users with answers to specific queries. The problem, the analysts say, is that the generative AI responses occupy screen space that is currently used to serve ads on the normal Google Search page.  “We recognize that \[Google’s\] SGE roll-out is still in its very early stages (limited beta in the US only), with the integration of ads still being figured out,” Walmsley wrote in a research note. “But our initial testing of SGE shows material changes to \[search engine results page\] vs. the ‘old’ Google…which we see as demonstrative of the potential disruption to Google's well-oiled Search monetization machine.”        Google is also increasingly facing challenges from the likes of Meta and Amazon in the digital advertising space. TikTok is also quickly playing a larger role in the industry. Increased spending on generative AI technologies could also cut into Alphabet’s margins.        The company is also staring down a slew of regulatory challenges including calls by the European Union’s European Commission to break up Google’s massive advertising business, which the commission says violates antitrust laws.,;,; 2023-06-28 10:09:27]
[What Acquisitions and Mergers are waiting for regulatory approval for the stock to pop?,;,; I jumped ship on Microsoft’s Acquisition of Activision with a small bump. MSFT offered 95/share, but has headwinds enough I decided the risk of the FTC blocking it was too much. It’s an interesting style of play to me.   Are there any other similar, all-cash deals going on where regulatory pressure is holding back the stock price?,;,; 2023-06-30 21:51:00]
[(not)survivor bias,;,; To those who have been in the market for a while, what are some companies that haven't achieved success, yet say more than 10 years ago everyone thought they would be great companies?   Apologies if the title does not fit quite right. My thoughts are for every Microsoft there are a number of other software companies that did not make it big yet seemed to be poised to lead the pack. For every Amazon, there are other e-commmerce companies which might have been equally as good if not better that didn't make it.   Here I do not mean the companies that didn't necessarily make sense (selling the ability to send scents over the Internet or beanie babies that were hyped by a bubble). More like say AOL and how it lost search to Google kind of companies that you might know.  Thank you,;,; 2023-09-26 20:59:26]
[iRobot shares up 20% on U.K. Approval of Acquisition by Amazon,;,; iRobot up 20% on CMA approving the acquisition of the company by Amazon.   [  &amp;#x200B;  Interesting approval considering the CMA has blocked the Microsoft acquisition of ATVI. Amazon could easily be viewed as the top owner of in-home user data.  This gives Amazon another look inside the homes of millions of customers. Amazon's view into users homes broadens even wider than what is offered currently with Alexa, Whole Foods, Prime membership, Echo, Kindle, Prime Video, etc.  Interesting article on the perceived monopoly written 11 months ago.  [ 2023-06-16 16:51:07]
[Portfolio generator to mimic ETF?,;,; Hi,  Would you know a website or app that lets you easily generate a portfolio of shares for direct investing based on an ETF or index you want to emulate?  Like I give it a ticker such as IWDA or an index like MSCI World and it tells me for a given amount invested how much I should own of Apple, Microsoft, etc. ?,;,; 2023-03-26 23:52:10]
[Adobe and Figma call off $20 billion merger,;,; Adobe and Figma, the cloud-based design tool, will terminate their planned $20 billion merger in light of regulatory hurdles, the companies said Monday.  In a statement, the two companies said "there is no clear path to receive necessary regulatory approvals from the European Commission and the UK Competition and Markets Authority."  Adobe shares rose around 1.8% on the news in pre-market trading Monday.  "Adobe and Figma strongly disagree with the recent regulatory findings, but we believe it is in our respective best interests to move forward independently," Shantanu Narayen, CEO of Adobe, wrote in a statement. "While Adobe and Figma shared a vision to jointly redefine the future of creativity and productivity, we continue to be well positioned to capitalize on our massive market opportunity and mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences."  Adobe will pay Figma a $1 billion breakup fee, Adobe said in a regulatory filing.  The news is a sudden pivot from Narayen's latest talking points, as he told CNBC Wednesday that the company believes in the acquisition and its benefits for consumers.  "We want to take the ability for what Figma has done with respect to creative collaborative software on the web, combine that with what Adobe has done in our creative, and make it even more accessible for others," Narayen told CNBC's Jim Cramer. "We think it's an adjacency, we really believe in our merits of the case, but the regulatory environment is challenging."  Antitrust regulators have increasingly scrutinized numerous tech deals big and small. In May, after the U.K.'s competition watchdog cited potentially anti-competitive effects, Meta sold Giphy to photo marketplace Shutterstock for $53 million, three years after it first acquired it. The CMA has also been reviewing Microsoft's investment in OpenAI.  In Monday's joint statement, Figma CEO Dylan Field wrote that "going through this process with Shantanu, David and the Adobe team has only reinforced my belief in the merits of this deal, but it's become increasingly clear over the past few months that regulators don't see things the same way."    2023-12-18 13:49:11]
[When is it better to hold equal-weighted S&amp;P ETF?,;,;  I have some cash I want to put back into the market. Is it better to buy equal-weighted instead of market-cap weighted S&amp;P 500 ETF? Some reasons why:  * Nvidia's advancements is going to "democratize AI" by making it cheaper. This means smaller companies might be able to displace bigger companies.  * I expect a period of growth in the next 6-12 months due to rate hike pausing. In these type of environments investors are going to move out of the safe tech bets (like Apple, Microsoft) and get back into more speculative, smaller cap names.  * I already hold stocks like Google, Amazon, and a lot of Apple &amp; Tesla. I also wheel stocks like FB and Nvidia, so might get stuck with them as well.  Would love your opinions. Or if you just have general thoughts to share about equal vs market cap weighting, that's great as well.,;,; 2023-06-02 18:34:53]
[Google rebrands Bard AI to Gemini and launches a new app and subscription,;,; Google on Thursday announced a major rebrand of Bard, its artificial intelligence chatbot and assistant, including a fresh app and subscription options. Bard, a chief competitor to OpenAI’s ChatGPT, is now called Gemini, the same name as the suite of AI models that power the chatbot.  Google also announced new ways for consumers to access the AI tool: As of Thursday, Android users can download a new dedicated Android app for Gemini, and iPhone users can use Gemini within the Google app on iOS.  Google’s rebrand and app offerings underline the company’s commitment to pursuing — and investing heavily in — AI assistants or agents, a term often used to describe tools ranging from chatbots to coding assistants and other productivity tools.  Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai highlighted the firm’s commitment to AI during the company’s Jan. 30 earnings call. Pichai said he eventually wants to offer an AI agent that can complete more and more tasks on a user’s behalf, including within Google Search, although he said there is “a lot of execution ahead.” Likewise, chief executives at tech giants from Microsoft to Amazon underlined their commitment to building AI agents as productivity tools.  Google’s Gemini changes are a first step to “building a true AI assistant,” Sissie Hsiao, a vice president at Google and general manager for Google Assistant and Bard, told reporters on a call Wednesday.  Google on Thursday also announced a new AI subscription option, for power users who want access to Gemini Ultra 1.0, Google’s most powerful AI model. Access costs $19.99 per month through Google One, the company’s paid storage offering. For existing Google One subscribers, that price includes the storage plans they may already be paying for. There’s also a two-month free trial available.  Thursday’s rollouts are available to users in more than 150 countries and territories, but they’re restricted to the English language for now. Google plans to expand language offerings to include Japanese and Korean soon, as well as other languages.  The Bard rebrand also affects Duet AI, Google’s former name for the “packaged AI agents” within Google Workspace and Google Cloud, which are designed to boost productivity and complete simple tasks for client companies including Wayfair, GE, Spotify and Pfizer. The tools will now be known as Gemini for Workspace and Gemini for Google Cloud.  Google One subscribers who pay for the AI ​​subscription will also have access to Gemini’s assistant capabilities in Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides and Meet, executives told reporters Wednesday. Google hopes to incorporate more context into Gemini from users’ content in Gmail, Docs and Drive. For example, if you were responding to a long email thread, suggested responses would eventually take in context from both earlier messages in the thread and potentially relevant files in Google Drive.  As for the reason for the broad name change? Google’s Hsiao told reporters Wednesday that it’s about helping users understand that they’re interacting directly with the AI ​​models that underpin the chatbot.  “Bard [was] the way to talk to our cutting-edge models, and Gemini is our cutting-edge models,” Hsiao said.  Eventually, AI agents could potentially schedule a group hangout by scanning everyone’s calendar to make sure there are no conflicts, book travel and activities, buy presents for loved ones or perform a specific job function such as outbound sales. Currently, though, the tools, including Gemini, are largely limited to tasks such as summarizing, generating to-do lists or helping to write code.  “We will again use generative AI there, particularly with our most advanced models and Bard,” Pichai said on the Jan. 30 earnings call, speaking about Google Assistant and Search. That “allows us to act more like an agent over time, if I were to think about the future and maybe go beyond answers and follow-through for users even more.”  Source:  2024-02-08 15:34:39]
[If only I invested in (...) then I now would've been rich...,;,; You can insert any stock you want in (...) even ETFs, b..coin etc   In hindsight its always easy to say that you would've just throw $1000 and made a few hundred k or even a  few million bucks.   With b..coin having an all time high and every other new company its frustrating thinking about that time when you maybe heard about said stock or coin but didn't think of it to much. Damn I would have been retired yesterday right? Nah probably 99% of us would've sold when a stock hit some form of peak, we would've took our gain and left.    What separates good investors from bad investors is not how good they time the market but rather how much time they have in the market.  Get used to seeing red, embrace it and see it as an opportunity to buy the dip and average down, that's when most of the gains can be made. Grow some balls and stick to them!  With this in mind feel free to check my profile and the stock I am currently invested in because I for myself believe in the Company. I think 2024 for my stock is like Microsoft in 1990 or Apple in 2005 or b...coin in 2013. Cheap as fuck!!!,;,; 2024-02-19 16:11:11]
[How to choose an index for each stock market sector?,;,; I'm working on creating a file to track my investments and unable to determine what index I should be referencing for each sector. Looking at Marketwatch, there are 1000s of indexes I can check. For example, if I own Apple or Microsoft stock, how can I compare it's performance to the entire Technology sector performance over the past month/year? Is it as simple as picking any Dow Jones Technology Index? Are there specific indexes for each sector that I'm not finding?,;,; 2023-03-24 21:30:08]
[Sony briefing on Game &amp; Network Services Segment shows strength across the board,;,; Highlights:   -	production and supply challenges have been resolved -	console sell through is the highest it’s ever been -	strongest gaming brand (compared to Microsoft and Nintendo) -	PS5 users have higher engagement across the board compared to PS4 users  -	PS5 users have much higher spend per console (LTV) compared to PS4 users  -	PS5 to be ahead of PS4 on all key metrics by end of FY23 -	strong growth in subscriptions and accessories  -	strong launch numbers for PSVR2    Source:  2023-05-24 11:48:39]
[Bloomberg - Arm CEO Says AI Boom Just Beginning After Record-Setting Rally, "AI is not in any way, shape or form a hype cycle.",;,;   Arm Holdings Plc shares surged as much as 64% on Thursday after artificial intelligence spending helped bolster the chip designer’s forecast. And the company’s chief executive officer said the remarkable opportunity presented by AI is still in its early stages.  **“AI is not in any way, shape or form a hype cycle,” Rene Haas said in an interview on Bloomberg Television. “We believe that AI is the most profound opportunity in our lifetimes, and we’re only at the beginning.”**  The remarks followed a blockbuster earnings report Thursday, when Arm projected revenue of $850 million to $900 million for the March quarter. That far surpassed analysts’ projections of $778 million. Earnings will be roughly 30 cents, excluding some items, well ahead of Wall Street’s 21-cent estimate.  Arm’s technology is going into an ever-widening array of products, from phones to cars to appliances. The scramble to add AI technology promises to accelerate that expansion, Haas said. In some cases, electronics makers don’t yet know how they’ll fully harness AI — they just want to make sure they have enough computing capacity to handle whatever is coming.  Arm once concentrated on technology for smartphones, but now that market accounts for about a third of sales. Phones today also contain more of the company’s technology per device, helping lift the royalties that manufacturers pay to Arm.  “This is the result of strategies that were put in place a number of years ago that are coming to fruition,” Haas said in the interview. “A lot of folks didn’t really understand the company well and where we fit in: But we’re in a Tesla vehicle, a Ford F-150, we are in a smart camera, a Samsung TV, the smart appliances.”  Arm’s bullish outlook, delivered late Wednesday, helped send the shares on their biggest intraday rally since an initial public offering last September. The stock traded as high as $126.59, adding tens of billions of dollars to Arm’s market valuation.  Another tailwind: The company’s customers are shifting to a new version of its technology called V9, which carries twice the royalty rate of its predecessors. They’re also using more Arm computing cores per device — more than 100 in Microsoft Corp.’s new server chips, for example — which amplifies royalties. Arm is also gaining market share from rival technology in the data-center and automotive markets, executives said.  Arm now expects sales of $3.16 billion to $3.21 billion in fiscal 2024, which runs through March. That’s up from a previous range that topped out at $3.08 billion.  Revenue grew 14% to $824 million in the fiscal third quarter. Excluding some items, profit was 29 cents a share. Wall Street had predicted revenue of $760 million and earnings of 25 cents a share.  Arm’s joint venture in China was a “nice positive surprise” as well, according to Chief Financial Officer Jason Child. It contributed 25% of total revenue.  Arm has an unusual role in the semiconductor industry. It licenses the fundamental set of instructions that software uses to communicate with chips. The company also provides so-called design blocks that companies such as Qualcomm Inc. use to build their products.  Under Haas, Arm has been moving toward providing more complete layouts that can be taken directly to the manufacturing stage. That shift makes it more useful to some customers, such as cloud computing companies like Amazon.com Inc., but also more of a rival to some traditional clients, like Qualcomm.  Cambridge, England-based Arm is still 90%-owned by SoftBank Group Corp., which acquired the business in 2016 for $32 billion. An IPO in 2023 raised $4.9 billion, marking the biggest debut on a US exchange in 2023.   Arm’s licensing sales rose 18% to $354 million last quarter, and royalty revenue gained 11% to $470 million.  Arm’s customer list spans the technology industry. Apple Inc. uses its instruction set for the processors that power the iPhone and Mac computers. Amazon relies on Arm designs for its Graviton server processors for data centers. And Qualcomm and MediaTek Inc. are major users of Arm’s blueprints for smartphone processors.,;,; 2024-02-08 20:56:51]
[I think EA needs to sell themselves because they can't figure out how to make their stock proce go up on their own,;,; If you look at the price chart, they have gone nowhere over 5 years but a little lower.  Most of their revenue are from sports game and Ultimate Team microtransactions, which isn't going to help the stock go up because they're just consistent cash cows that are already baked in to everyone's forecast and there's not much upside.  The only studio they have that has a shot of producing new hits that actually provides upside to the stock is Respawn. Apex Legends helped a lot, Star Wars Jedi: Survivor was great as well but wasn't enough for this earnings call.  Do not mention DICE since their last blockbuster success was Battlefield 1 in 2018 and every Battlefield after that hasn't been successful. That was 7 years ago.  Besides Respawn &amp; sports games, nothing else matters for EA and I just don't see this stock going anywhere far as an independent company.  The next catalyst is the ATVI acquisition officially closing and should get EA back to the $130s. Then is how does the rebranding of EA's soccer game goes that you'll see during the holidays and as long as people buy the game still since there's no better alternative for soccer, it should stay at $130 and maybe touch $140.  After this I think they need to sell. Take advantage that they'll be the biggest pure-play video game company and with ATVI off the list big tech who wants to catch up with Microsoft should give a bid for EA. If they don't sell, I just don't see anything meaningful driving this stock higher.,;,; 2023-08-09 16:25:58]
[(4/26) Wednesday's Pre-Market Stock Movers &amp; News,;,; #Good morning traders and investors of the r/stocks sub! Welcome to the new trading day and a fresh start! Here are your pre-market stock movers &amp; news on this Wednesday, April the 26th, 2023-  *****  # [Stock futures rise after Microsoft, Alphabet post earnings beats: Live updates](  ***** &gt; U.S. stock futures rose Wednesday as Big Tech earnings began to roll out, led by Microsoft. ***** &gt; Futures tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average were up 5 points, while S&amp;P 500 futures added 0.2%, and Nasdaq-100 futures gained 1%. ***** &gt; Microsoft beat Wall Street’s expectations on the top and bottom lines in its latest quarter. The company also posted a big jump in revenue from its Intelligent Cloud business segment. Shares gained 8% in the premarket. Google-parent Alphabet posted better-than-anticipated earnings, however the stock dipped slightly as revenue grew by just 3% year over year. ***** &gt; “We’re still early in this season, but it seems like Wall Street generally underestimated corporate America once again,” said Callie Cox, an analyst at investment company eToro. “Company-level information could be easing investors’ fears on how corporate America is handling slowing growth and rising costs, especially given the focus on the job market.” ***** &gt; “There are a lot of eyes on how well tech holds up given it’s powered the market recently,” she added. “Big Tech has been through a lot of scrutiny, and expectations are already quite low for the sector. We expect Big Tech companies to focus on profitability and cost-cutting measures in their earnings commentary.” ***** &gt; Boeing, Hilton Worldwide and Spirit Airlines are scheduled to report their earnings results before the bell Wednesday. After the close, Meta Platforms, eBay and Mattel are due to report. ***** &gt; Traders are coming off a losing session, with the Dow falling about 344 points Tuesday. The S&amp;P 500 finished 1.6% lower and the Nasdaq Composite dropped nearly 2%. ***** &gt; First Republic Bank said late Monday that its deposits dropped 40% to $104.5 billion in the first quarter. This reignited concerns about the broader banking sector and pressured the major averages Tuesday. Cox called the instance “an exception.” ***** &gt; “I’ve felt encouraged by how well margins have held up,” she told CNBC. “That’s a function of both sales and cost management, but it shows us that investors may have not factored in how much businesses are benefiting from cooling labor and goods costs.” ***** &gt; Elsewhere, investors are monitoring durable goods and mortgage purchase data Wednesday morning, before getting the latest GDP update Thursday and the big Personal Consumption Expenditures Price Index – the Fed’s favored inflation gauge – on Friday.  *****  #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR STOCK FUTURES CHARTS!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #2!](  *****  #THIS AFTERNOON'S AFTER-HOURS EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #2!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #3!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #4!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #2!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS!](  *****  #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(**source: [cnbc.com](  *****  &gt; **Enphase Energy** — The solar inverter company slid 16% after reporting disappointing revenue guidance for the second quarter. The company said Tuesday its upcoming quarterly revenue will range from $700 to $750 million, compared to the expected $765.2 million from analysts surveyed by StreetAccount. Enphase reported adjusted earnings of $1.37 per share on $726 million in revenue, beating StreetAccount forecasts of earnings of $1.21 per share on $724.4 in revenue. Shares of rival Solaredge Technologies dropped 5.8%.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** ENPH  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Boeing** — Boeing shares rose 3.7% in premarket trading after the company posted its latest quarterly results and said it would increase production of 737 Max planes later this year despite a production issue. The company reported an adjusted loss of $1.27 per share and $17.92 billion in revenue. Analysts polled by Refinitiv anticipated a loss per share of $1.07 on $17.57 billion in revenue.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** BA  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Activision Blizzard** — Activision Blizzard shares dropped about 10.4% in the premarket after a UK regulator blocked Microsoft’s purchase of the video game publisher. “The final decision to prevent the deal comes after Microsoft’s proposed solution failed to effectively address the concerns in the cloud gaming sector,” wrote the UK’s Competition and Markets Authority.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** ATVI  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **First Republic Bank** — The battered regional bank stock dropped 10% before the bell, with the potential to again weigh on the broader banking sector. First Republic on Monday reported that its deposits dropped 40% to $104.5 billion in the first quarter, and the stock lost nearly half its value Tuesday.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** FRC  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **PacWest Bancorp** — Shares jumped 14% in early morning trading after PacWest said it has seen deposit inflows over the past month. The regional bank said deposits fell more than 16% during the first quarter to roughly $28.2 billion, but that it has added about $1.8 billion in deposits since March 20, when it last updated investors. It saw $700 million in deposits in April. On Tuesday, PacWest also reported a net loss of $1.21 billion for the quarter, due largely to a goodwill impairment charge. Regional bank Western Alliance Bancorp also rose Wednesday before the bell.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** PACW  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Microsoft** — Shares advanced 8% after Microsoft reported fiscal third-quarter results and issued quarterly guidance that topped expectations. The tech firm reported earnings of $2.45 per share on revenue of $52.86 billion. Analysts polled by Refinitiv forecasted per-share earnings of $2.23 on revenue of $51.02 billion. Additionally, Microsoft finance chief Amy Hood issued fourth-quarter guidance of $54.85 billion to $55.85 billion in revenue. The middle of the range is greater than the $54.84 billion consensus estimate. Separately, the UK’s Competition and Markets Authority on Wednesday blocked Microsoft’s acquisition of video game firm Activision Blizzard, weighing on the tech stock.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MSFT  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Alphabet** — Alphabet shares were flat before the bell even after the Google parent beat both earnings and revenue expectations for the recent quarter and announced a $70 billion share buyback plan. Ad revenue beat estimates but fell from a year ago.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** GOOGL  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Chipotle Mexican Grill** — Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill gained more than 7% in premarket trading after the burrito chain posted a top and bottom line beat for the most recent quarter. The company benefited during the period from strong same-store sales growth and said traffic grew despite a hike in menu prices.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** CMG  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **ServiceNow** — The digital workflow company’s shares gained 3.1% after falling more than 6% during Tuesday’s session, when Infosys announced its collaboration with ServiceNow. ServiceNow will be announcing its quarterly earnings Wednesday after the bell.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** NOW  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Amazon** — The e-commerce giant saw its stock climb 2.8% in premarket trading. The gain came after fellow tech-related giant Microsoft reported quarterly earnings that exceeded expectations, boosting sentiment for Amazon. The company reports numbers Thursday after the bell.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** AMZN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Thermo Fisher Scientific** — Shares fell 3.9% after Thermo Fisher Scientific reported first-quarter earnings that came in line with expectations. The Massachusetts-based supplier of scientific instruments reported adjusted per-share earnings of $5.03, in line with a StreetAccount estimate. Thermo Fisher Scientific did beat revenue expectations, reporting revenue of $10.71 billion, greater than the $10.65 billion estimate.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** TMO  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Coinbase** — The cryptocurrency exchange added 5% in the premarket alongside a jump in cryptocurrency prices, including Bitcoins 5% rise. H.C. Wainwright also initiated coverage of Coinbase with a buy rating and $75 price target, which implies 34% upside from Tuesday’s close.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** COIN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  #**FULL DISCLOSURE:**  &gt; /u/bigbear0083 has no positions in any stocks mentioned. Reddit, moderators, and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts. Analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk.  *****  #**DISCUSS!**  What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/stocks?  *****  # **I hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this Wednesday, April 26th, 2023! :)**,;,; 2023-04-26 11:23:49]
[British American Tobacco: Heads I win, tails I…still win,;,; Hello, fellow investors!  &amp;#x200B;   I have recently added British American Tobacco to my portfolio as I believe that its current share price presents an exceptionally compelling risk-reward proposition when weighed against alternative investment opportunities. Following is a concise summary of my reasoning that I would like to present for your feedback.     **THE BEST OPPORTUNITIES ARE TO BE FOUND IN BEAR MARKETS**   Sooner or later, regardless of how exceptional they are, companies find themselves in the midst of multi-year downturns. It happened to Coca Cola, PepsiCo, Microsoft, and Apple, just to name a few.   The only time British American Tobacco has been cheaper than today was at the end of the largest civil litigation settlement in U.S. history, which resulted in the tobacco companies paying the states and territories billions of dollars in yearly instalments. *It went then on to become a* ***15-bagger*** *over the subsequent 17 years,* ***not accounting for dividends***.   Now, the company does currently face noteworthy challenges (i.e. negative secular trends in smoking and a substantial debt burden), but the current valuation seems to be factoring in a higher level of risk than may actually exist.    **DECLINING SMOKING RATES**   Even though smoking rates continue to decline, the company is effectively offsetting the trend through a successful diversification of its product portfolio. The oligopolistic nature of tobacco markets also gives them significant pricing power, especially since demand for their products is relatively inelastic, resulting in inordinate profitability and robust cash flows.    **DEBT BURDEN**   The company has debt maturities of around £4 billion annually in the next two years, and due to higher interest rates, net finance costs are expected to increase as debts are refinanced.   However, it currently holds about £4 billion in cash, expects to generate at least an additional £5+ billion in post-dividend free cash flow, and had access to an undrawn £5.5 billion revolving credit facility as of 30 June 2023. This sums up to more than £14 billion in liquidity available to meet its debt obligations within the specified time frame. Contrary to claims of insolvency, the company's financials demonstrate otherwise.     **HEADS I WIN, TAILS I...STILL WIN**   It does not happen very often that companies with cash flows so consistent and predictable offer a ***FCF yield of 17%***. Not to mention the fact that they're still growing earnings and that a multiple expansion is not unlikely over the next decade (In 2000, the company traded at just 7x earnings before eventually returning to its historical norm of 13 to 14x).   This is an ***immensely-wide moat and non-cyclical stock*** ***currently paying a 9% dividend yield*** with a conservative 60% earnings payout ratio and a well-established track record of dividend payments spanning many decades. Investors are getting average stock market returns from the dividend alone.         I wanted to keep the post short and focus on the company's primary key facts, but I hope nonetheless you found the information interesting and worthy of further exploration!,;,; 2023-09-10 16:13:12]
[Is now a good time to invest in cybersecurity (after MGM and Caesars Casino hack?),;,; It seems like every few months there is a major hack in the news. We do not hear about the everyday hacking that is happening to businesses that are local or to everyday people. As someone who had their identity stolen years ago I now make sure my identity theft protection is paid before I even get food. Businesses likewise are probably willing to set aside an additional 1-2% of their budget for cybersecurity. For those unaware MGM and Caesars online casinos had a hacking situation recently and some ransom (in the millions) was paid. [      I know plenty of white hat hackers (those are the good people - black hats are the bad ones). My friends who are white hat hackers say it is unreal how easy things can be breached. The only solution in their eyes is better cybersecurity. I am not sure why so many cybersecurity stocks (i.e. Cloudflare \[NET\], Crowdstrike \[CRWD\], etc) did not continue to run from their highs over the past 24 months. Maybe someone on here would know why that is?   I see the following stocks having a good run over the next 24 months:   1) Endava plc \[DAVA\]: Earnings very soon, rated a "buy" from sources ([ and is well below its ATH. This company is out of the UK so for those who only want USA stocks be aware.   2) Cloudflare: This stock along with Palo Alto are good long term holds, well past 24 months.   The only thing that could hurt these stocks, since AI is booming and with more AI comes more hacking would be if companies like Salesforce, Microsoft, etc completely form a better cybersecurity set of products than the big name cybersecurity companies do. The one stock I like to swing trade in the cybersecurity field is OKTA, have used it to swing trade recently for an 11% gain and did so back in 2021. Feel like there is plenty of money to be made in cybersecurity stocks.   My current holdings: 31 shares of Cloudflare, 12 shares of Palo Alto, 128 shares of DAVA (swing trade - probably will perform well in upcoming earnings), and exited my position (11) shares of OKTA recently after my gain. ,;,; 2023-09-16 23:10:23]
[Amazon stock analysis: Why it's my only holding in my portfolio,;,; I'm more bullish on Amazon today than I was two days ago. Even though their stock price has increased by 6% in after markets. I think Amazon is valued less today than before their earnings. Their earnings were that good. I'll share with you my thoughts on Amazon and why my investing portfolio will change form 80% Amazon and 20% Google to 100% Amazon the second the market opens.  Let's have a look at all their revenue streams very briefly.  AWS. Cloud computing. In the words of Andy Jassy: a technology that will change businesses around the world with the same amount of impact the invention of electricity had on businesses. Businesses are only just now starting to adopt. We are still early in the early phases of cloud computing. AWS hit 90 billion in sales this year. And their last two quarters AWS had an operating income of 30%. AWS is getting more reasons to adopt and more reasons to increase spending by their customers due to the many AI solutions it offers to companies. It's safe to say AWS will hit 100 billion in revenue next year and that this will bring in around 30 billion in operating income. Many people are scared that AWS will have their customers stolen by Azure. Firstly, 90% of the cloud engineers I talk to, prefer AWS. Secondly, it costs a ton of money to set up cloud infrastructure for businesses. Why would they throw all their money away and spend this once again to make a switch to a different cloud provider. The majority of the current customers Amazon has aren't going anywhere. You can basically look at it as a subscription. Lastly on AWS, AWS has 6 times more server capacity than the next 12 competitors combined.  Advertising. Many people tend to forget how big Amazon advertising is. It generated $47 billion in the last twelve months and it's growing at 27% year on year. That means if there are 3 more years of 25% growth we are nearing an other nearly 100 billion revenue stream. And although we don't know their margins on advertising we know nearly certainly that it's generating higher profit margins than Meta or Google due to the fact that Amazon advertising is way more targeted. Oh you're looking at Amazon.com to buy a BBQ? Here's and advertisement of a BBQ. The cost per click on those type of ads will be very high.  Warehouse and logistics. This is the least sexy side of the business, but because of the amount of revenue it's still up there potential wise. Amazon online stores and third party sellers generated $410 billion in revenue in 2023. Amazon is the leader in logistics robotics. This has not only been told by Amazon, but this was dropped in the FedEx earnings call a few quarters back. Amazon is the company that will offer the best solutions as of now. They will most likely first fulfill their own needs and afterwards export their robotics to other parties for profit although now we are getting way ahead of ourselves as Amazon still hasn't impacted their own margins. Fulfillment cost used to hover around 27% of the product sales in 2020. After Covid, Amazon invested heavily in infrastructure for logistics. This increases maintenance and the need of personnel. Also they grew too much and too fast decreasing their margins. Their fulfillment cost was 31% of product sales in 2021, 35% in 2022 peaking at 37% in Q1 2023 and now ending Q4 2023 at 34% averaging once again 35% of the net product sales being the cost of fulfillment for the full year of 2023. But we see a decrease. Amazon went from 37% in Q1 2023 to now 34% in Q4 2023. This may not seem like a lot but when we are talking about such big numbers that this has significant impact. If Amazon would get their total fulfillment cost percentage compared to net product sales down to 33% for a full year this would leave Amazon with an extra 6 billion operating income. If Amazon would get the percentage down to 30% this would mean $13.5 billion more operating income than FY2023. If Amazon would get back to their previous 27%. This would mean a total of $21 billion more operating income. And keeping their current price to operating cash flow of 20 in mind (which is low compared to the historic mean of 27) an increase of $21 billion in a year means an increase of $420 billion in market cap. Keeping automation in mind I think they should have little trouble getting back to their old percentage of 27% in the next three to five years.  Amazon Prime, now the majority of prime members are coming from the US, Europe is only just now receiving prime content from their own country and advertisements to subscribe to prime. I'm located in the Netherlands we had a company that is comparable to Amazon for online products for here and Belgium way before Amazon arrived here. Amazon has been in the Netherlands since 2014 but they are just now completely blowing the competitor out of the water. Since one year me and many others are only using Amazon and now we are seeing ads to subscribe to prime. Subscribing to prime is only valuable if you actually make use of the logistics side of things. But it helps if prime has other things to offer as well. That's where we get to my next point. Prime video is partnering up with lots of famous people here to make Prime content. And the content isn't bad at all. That prime content hasn't even been rolling out for 6 months. Prime is just in its infancy for many countries it has recently moved into. Like I said Amazon is here since 2014 but only now I'm seeing Dutch shows on Amazon prime and having lots of people ask me to share my prime account with them. I'm sure the Netherlands wont be alone in this, it will be all the other countries as well. And guess what Amazon prime just received an additional big revenue stream, advertising. All users will receive advertisements unless they pay a few dollars a month to not see ads. Netflix earns more per subscriber that's on the cheaper subscription with ads than it does on the more expensive subscription without ads.  Additionally Amazon International gets even less love. Understandable though it's less revenue and barley sees a positive quarter. But what people forget is that it took Amazon US 10 years to turn profitable. So why do we think that International will be any faster, especially considering there is less infrastructure in countries outside of the US. I'd say we might need to wait 15 years for those countries to start making a profit. So which countries have been operational for longer than 15 years? The United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Japan, China and Canada. Which countries have been operational for less than 15 years? Italy, Spain, Brazil, India, Mexico, Netherlands, Singapore, Australia, Turkey, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Sweden, Poland, Egypt and Belgium. We don't only need time for Amazon to build out the infrastructure. The middleclass in many of these countries is still growing which will increase activity in buying. And lastly, we need to give Amazon time to make Amazon prime subscription a valuable subscription in these countries by adding local content to Prime Video.  Amazon infrastructure, like I previously mentioned AWS has 6 times the server capacity compared to the next 12 competitors. Amazon is spending by far the most on renewable energy sources. They spent $2.5 billion on renewable energy, all to power their delivery vans and their servers. Although it may not seem huge but generating their in house electricity is bound to save them billions in the long run. Also Amazon is making their own chips for their AWS servers, they don't depend on a different party to be able to deliver. This in turn also increases their margins.  Lastly, Amazon is not sitting still. They have Amazon Gaming, Project Kuiper which has 3.000 satellites in orbit, they are making a plan to revolutionize the healthcare system and make it more cost and time efficient. They say in their call that they are still investing money to look for the next big pillar of Amazon, something that will be as big as AWS, advertising or Prime. They're not sitting still.  Okay story wise, I might have convinced you by now. But you could say, this is all a bunch of promising words. What about their valuation? Due to the fact Amazon invests a lot of their cash flow Amazon has usually been valued based on their price to operating cash flow. If we take the current after market price of Amazon of $169. Their current price to operating cash flow is at 20.6. This is 15% lower than what it was 2 days ago and this is 35% lower compared to their historical median price to operating cash flow of 27. Now this doesn't per se have to mean they will ever get back to that median price to operating cash flow so lets look at some different valuation methods. Remember Paypal was attractive to many people because it was "only at a PE of 30" instead of the usual 60. So lets keep on looking.  In Q4 of 2023 alone Amazon produced $30 billion free cash flow. Now Q4 is always a record quarter so we can't multiply this by 4. Q3 of 2023 Amazon had a free cash flow of $10 billion. This was still a quarter where many of their cost saving initiatives hadn't yet fully come to fruition, so although it was a much better quarter than Q2 which generated 6 billion in free cash flow. I'm very certain that Q3 free cash flow will be more in line with upcoming quarter. If we multiply 10 billion by 3 and 30 billion once. That's a free cash flow of 60 billion. This would be their free cash flow in 2024 if they don't grow, don't further increase margins and don't continue to lessen their investing of cash flow. If we take a quite reasonable (in my opinion) price to free cash flow of 30 times we see that Amazon stock should be valued at 1800 billion market cap. That's pretty much where the marketcap is at right now. Although I'm a firm believer that Amazon will grow in 2024. Let's not forget they are giving all their prime members ads from now on, or the ability to pay more for no ads. This alone will generate around 2 billion free cash flow in my estimation. Other than that I'm expecting Amazon to grow it's already existing revenue streams further, increase its margin further and decrease CAPEX. Which should result in record free cash flow in 2024. I'm estimating 12 billion in Q1, 13 billion in Q2, 15 billion in Q3 and 38 billion in Q4. Now I would love to tell you that these estimations are highly calculated by me and a pack of mathematicians. But I'll have to disappoint you and say that it's not. I've been doing estimates on Amazon every quarter based on the trends I see in the numbers and the story I pair with it. I have been quite spot on with the numbers so far. If my estimation would be reasonably close it would mean a market cap of 2.340 trillion, an increase of 34% at a price to free cash flow of 30 or an increase to a market cap of 2.730, an increase of 57% at a price to free cash flow of 35. Do note Microsoft is valued at 40 times price to free cash flow. And although I think Amazon and Microsoft should be valued similarly I find it hard to justify a price to free cash flow of 40 or more if you're not growing cash flow above 20% YoY.  We could also disassemble the components of Amazon and value these components with the price to sales of a company that offers similar services. To some people this might be a bit more hocus-pocus but I like doing this to see where Amazon stands in the market compared to other stocks. I'm using price to sales in this example because sadly we do not know the operating income on Amazon advertising and on Amazon Prime.  AWS had a total sales in FY 2023 of $90 billion. Lets pair this with the price to sales of Microsoft of 13 times. Resulting in AWS having a marketcap of $1,170 billion.  Amazon advertising has a total sales in FY 2023 of $47 billion. Lets get the average price to sales of two companies for this one. Google of 6 times price to sales and Meta of 8 times. Thus we multiply by 7. Resulting in Amazon advertising having a marketcap of $329 billion. Even though Amazon advertising has higher margins and is growing faster than Google and Meta.  Next up Amazon Prime had a total sales of $40 billion in FY 2023. Lets pair this with the price to sales of Netflix of 7.5. Resulting in Amazon Prime having a marketcap of $300 billion.  Lastly Amazon online stores, physical stores and logistics services offered to third party sellers generated a total revenue of 392$ billion in FY 2023. Lets take a price to sales of 0.70 based on the price to sales of Walmart at 0.71 and the price to sales of FedEx at 0.69. Resulting in a market cap of $274 billion dollars.  If we calculate all the components together we have a total market cap from Amazon of 2.073 trillion. An increase of 18.5% form the current prices. And this is based on historic number, not forward looking. Similarly when using the price to operating cash flow Amazon had two days ago of 23 we see that Amazon's stock is valued at a 15% cheaper price now than just two days ago. Supporting the argument that Amazon is more less 15% undervalued based on current prices, not forward looking expectations. This is why I moved my Google position into Amazon. As Google is looking undervalued by 15% on forward looking prices, but Amazon is looking undervalued by the same amount based on historic prices. Meaning if we expect Amazon to do slightly better in the future Amazon is a better buy than Google.  TLDR: I think Amazon is undervalued by 15% based on historic numbers. Forward looking though, I expect Amazon to be more less undervalued by around 30% - 50% based on end of on end of FY 2024 numbers. This is based on how well they execute increasing their margins, decreasing CAPEX and continuing their business trends growth wise.,;,; 2024-02-02 11:25:46]
[Starting investing portfolio,;,; Portfolio starting investing  Hey everyone,   Thinking about starting investing in ETFs and shares, as there is alot of valuable knowledgeable members here looking forward to advice for portfolio below.  Much appreciated in advance and happy to receive any feedback.  50% IWDA IE00B4L5Y983 10% ESG criteria IE00BYX2JD69 10% EU only IE00B4K48X80 10% Small Caps IE00BF4RFH31 20% random shares chosen below   Disney  Cola Nestle  Meta Amazon Tessenderlo Google Apple Microsoft Intel Asml,;,; 2023-02-21 16:18:51]
[Advice Request with questions on stocks and broader stock market I thought belong here,;,; I have a few questions about stocks and the broader markets.   Question 1: The stock market in early 2020 slid approximately 35% in less than 3 weeks. Can this ever happen again, say if China invades Taiwan? I am skeptical if this sort of 35% crash can even happen because there are so many people in retirement right now compared to say early 2020. The people who have their pensions, 401(k), IRAs, etc etc directly in the broader market are not going to be pressing sell in good times, bad times or sideways times. For most of them they cannot sell because it is not for them to delegate the funds. This is why I especially do not believe the market really can slide more than say 30%.   Question 2: NVDA was the stock to buy in 2022 into 2023. What is a stock you believe will go up 2X, that is either large or mega cap, between now and 2024 or 2025? If I had to pick a few it would include Roblox, Etsy, Apple, Microsoft and one that could get close to 2X between now and 2025 would be UNH. ,;,; 2023-08-12 02:11:35]
[Digital Age for Big Oil using Big Tech $HAL &amp; $MSFT ; $AMZN &amp; $BP, $SHEL,;,; [     At a certain point in its lifecycle, every industry faces its moment of reckoning with growing pressure to transform due to factors such as increasing competition, changing consumer preferences, government policy and other secular headwinds. The transformation usually takes the shape of improved supply chain discipline as well as streamlining business operations in order to achieve better operating margins.  For the oil and [natural gas]( industry, the moment of truth arrived a few years ago after years of weak benchmark prices, shrinking margins and massive capital flight forced the sector to seriously rethink the way it does business with energy companies increasingly turning toward tech heavyweights for help in cutting costs and streamlining operations.   A good case in point is [a partnership]( struck between **Haliburton Co.** (NYSE:HAL), **Microsoft Inc.** (NASDAQ:MSFT) and **Accenture Plc.** (NYSE:ACN) in 2020. For years, Haliburton, one of the world’s largest oilfield services companies, has been plagued by shrinking margins and chronic underperformance. The company eventually made a deal with the two cloud giants to migrate its existing data centers to cloud and enhance digital offerings.   Halliburton is hardly alone.  After years of dilly-dallying, oil and gas companies are now rapidly moving their IT infrastructure out to the Cloud as well as adopting Business Process Management (BPM) systems. This frequently results in a leaner, more agile organizational model whilst delivering significant cost savings.  Barclays estimates that the upstream market digital services industry will grow from less than $5 billion in 2020 to a more than $30 billion annual tab by 2025, thus enabling $150 billion in annual savings for oil producers. Opportunities for cost savings include cutting capital expenditures (capex) as well as selling, general and administrative (SG&amp;A) costs and transportation operating costs.  According to Barclays, the digital age is finally dawning for the energy sector with the market poised to erupt over the next five years. Over the past few years, Microsoft has struck cloud partnerships with several Big Oil companies including **ExxonMobil** (NYSE:XOM), **Chevron Inc**. (NYSE:CVX) and Haliburton while Google’s parent company **Alphabet Inc.** (NASDAQ:GOOG)[ has significantly expanded]( its partnership with **Schlumberger Ltd.** (NYSE:SLB), another oilfield services giant. Meanwhile, **Amazon Inc.** (NASDAQ:AMZN) offers digital services to the industry through Amazon Web Services[ oil and gas division]( and counts **BP Plc**. (NYSE:BP) and **Shell Plc** (NYSE:SHEL) among its top clients.     In many cases, Big Oil’s digital makeover is quite extensive.  For instance, Halliburton kicked off multiple digital transformation projects during the pandemic. Thailand’s PTT Exploration and Production and Kuwait Oil Company were among the notable oil and gas companies that were awarded Halliburton contracts to implement digital transformation and enhance efficiency and production at their oilfields.   For years, Big Oil has been using tech companies’ enterprise software in their highly complex operating systems--including  rig management operations and precise drilling techniques. However, they have traditionally been somewhat reluctant to hand over their treasure troves of valuable data mainly on cyber security concerns as well as the need to maintain competitive advantages, preferring instead to develop most of their software developed in-house or by companies within the oilfield services sector such as Haliburton.   However, this is now changing as they look for ways to improve operational efficiencies in a bid to squeeze higher cash flows and profits from their existing operations.   Is the new approach working? The evidence seems to suggest so, with shale drilling costs on an encouraging downtrend. **J.P. Morgan** estimates that Permian's Delaware Basin oil drillers now require oil prices of just \~$33/bbl to break even down from $40/bbl in 2019. ,;,; 2023-04-03 21:37:36]
[Nvidia, Equinix team up to offer AI supercomputers to businesses,;,; Source: [Reuters](  * Data center operator Equinix and Nvidia said on Wednesday they had partnered up to offer the chip firm's supercomputing systems to corporate clients.  * The service will make it easier for companies to own artificial intelligence computing systems and have better control over their data, instead of renting out Nvidia's market-leading chips from cloud computing providers like Amazon.com or Microsoft.  * Many large businesses have shown interest in owning their AI computing system for privacy and security reasons, but Nvidia systems are different from conventional data center servers, often using different networking cabling and requiring liquid cooling.  * Under the deal, Nvidia has trained Equinix staff in how to build and run its systems. Corporate customers will purchase Nvidia systems but pay Equinix to build and run them efficiently while still retaining ownership.  * "We want to drive privacy because what we're hearing at large customers is they are very worried about controlling their own destiny," Jon Lin, executive vice president and general manager of data center services at Equinix, told Reuters in an interview.  * However, "being able to then figure out how to operate (AI data centers) efficiently and effectively - this is an entirely new set of capabilities that is not generally available."  * Nvidia and Equinix said the new offering is available as of Wednesday but did not disclose any immediate customers.  Will this have a big impact on the companies involved? Is there a real fear of Amazon losing customers? Disclosure: I own stocks in all companies mentioned except Equinix.,;,; 2024-01-24 14:27:36]
[How to best allocate final 15% of my porfolio?,;,; Hi there!   &amp;#x200B;  I will try to keep this brief, but would really love to have some conversations with others about my allocation because I keep thinking myself in circles.  &amp;#x200B;  Currently my portfolio is:      * Spy/Voo: 47%  * VXUS: 15%  * Target Date - 2055: 7% * SCHD:  5% * QQQ:  1% * Individual Stocks:  23% (3% Appl, 3% MSFT, 3% CRM, 3% ABBV, 2% Cost, 2% UNH, 2% JPM, 2% BRK.B, 2% WMT)  &amp;#x200B;  I have been targeting a portfolio that will have roughly:   * SPY: 40% * Target Date: 30%  * VXUS: 10% * ???: 15%  * Individual Stocks: 5%  &amp;#x200B;  (Context, the VXUS will go down as my 401k invests into target date fund which is already 1/3 VXUS but I will use my personal brokerage to help rebalance as needed)  &amp;#x200B;  I have held most of the individual stocks for quite a few years, its how I got started investing. They have all done well, luckily to some degree and some due to not touching for a few years.   I have gone back and forth researching, and thinking myself in circles. I have considered just selling my positions in Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, etc and buying QQQ to keep a large cap growth tilt but worry it is just chasing performance.   I have considered heavily SCHD and AVUV; SCHD for the drip effect in my roth to let it accumulate tax free but just havent found a reason to have conviction given my timeline is 20-30 years. AVUV in theory sounds good, the short track record and the ability to stomach downturns of SCV at 10-15% of my portfolio is possible but there isnt a ton of data to back up the fund.   &amp;#x200B;  I would love others thoughts and opinions on this, I have been in a mental pretzel for weeks thinking about this.,;,; 2023-04-25 01:09:15]
[As Americans shop, stocks see another weekly win,;,; &amp;#x200B;  In a holiday-shortened day of trading, U.S. stocks showed a mixed performance, but the major indices ended the week on a positive note. Analysts are optimistic about the last five weeks of trading in 2023, expecting holiday sales to boost retailers, while the technology sector remains strong and energy prices ease. The Dow Jones gained 0.3%, the S&amp;P 500 added 2.7 points, and the Nasdaq slipped 15 points. For the week, the Dow was up 1.3%, the S&amp;P 500 added 1%, and the Nasdaq rose 0.9%. Notable stock movements include Johnson &amp; Johnson leading Dow winners, while Apple, Nike, and Microsoft were in the red. Nvidia, a Nasdaq-100 stock, was the biggest loser.        Retail stocks generally rose, with the SPDR S&amp;P Retail ETF gaining 0.7%. Interest rates edged up, and oil prices declined. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 rose 0.28% despite concerns about Germany's economic contraction, while in Asia, the MSCI ex-Japan benchmark fell 0.8%, influenced by a pullback in Chinese markets. The Nikkei 225 closed at a four-month high.        Despite concerns about economic factors like fading pandemic-era savings and elevated inflation, the National Retail Federation expects strong consumer spending between Black Friday and Cyber Monday, providing a significant boost to the U.S. economy. NRF forecasts consumer spending between $957.3 billion and $966.6 billion in November and December.        ,;,; 2023-11-25 10:52:10]
[Nvdia #NVDA is expensive but still has an excellent future and should be bought on dips.,;,; • Nvidia #NVDA an expensive P/S ratio, but a reasonable P/E given its excellent profit margins.  • Generational AI growth is definitely not a panacea, but has started to gain traction as use cases expand beyond ChatGPT.  • Besides, higher performance computing is becoming a must have.  • Its Auto segment is doing extremely well, gaming rebounding, and data center still growing.  • Nvidia's new product innovation and exceptional R&amp;D spend allow it to keep its pole position.  I had recommended NVIDA #NVDA at $116 in Oct 2022 as the best in its class -- on strong product innovations such as the new RTX gaming series, and the Hopper and the Grace in data center. Now, its price has more than doubled to $265, helped by the disinflation rally of January 2023, the expected growth from generational AI A100, AI chips that are being used for Microsoft (MSFT) and AI [C3.ai]( Inc. (AI) for ChatGPT and then better than expected Q1-FY24 guidance. Those factors from the October article are equally important today; and further growth from autos and AI will sustain the company for several years.,;,; 2023-03-26 17:42:00]
["Is the AI-led 'F*cking Baby Bubble' Bursting? BofA Says Tech Stocks Just Saw Their Biggest Outflow in 10 Weeks.",;,; The current AI-led "baby bubble" could be seen as a positive or a negative depending on the perspective. On the one hand, it is a sign of progress and innovation, with technology giants such as Microsoft, Nvidia, Apple, Alphabet, Meta, Amazon, and Tesla leading the way. The stock prices of these companies have boomed this year, suggesting that investors are bullish on the future of AI.  On the other hand, there are some who are warning that the investor hype for AI could be short-lived and that the market could be heading for a significant correction. Bank of America's Michael Hartnett has compared the current AI boom to the dot-com bubble of the early 2000s, where the Nasdaq Composite plummeted 78%. UBS's Art Cashin and veteran economist David Rosenberg have also drawn parallels with the dot-com bubble.  Ultimately, it is difficult to know for sure whether the AI-led "baby bubble" will burst or if it will continue to grow and drive the stock market higher. It is important to remember that, while AI has the potential to revolutionize many industries, it is still a relatively new technology and there is a lot of uncertainty and risk associated with investing in AI-related stocks. As such, it is important for investors to do their due diligence and be aware of the potential downsides before investing in AI stocks.  (  What lessons can be learned from the dot-com bubble that could be applied to the current AI stock boom?,;,; 2023-06-24 03:11:03]
[How US stocks rose 20% from their lows, and where they might be going,;,; U.S. stocks have defied fears of a recession, a banking crisis and soaring Treasury yields to rise 20% from their October lows - one definition of a bull market.        The benchmark S&amp;P 500 index closed at a low of 3,577.03 on Oct. 12, 2022, down 25% from its all-time high after the Federal Reserve unleashed a series of bruising interest rate increases to fight decades-high inflation.        On Thursday, it closed up 0.6% at 4,293.93, amid growing optimism over the economic outlook and a rate hiking cycle that appears to be nearing its end. Here are some features of the index's rally, and a look at where stocks might go from here.  While markets seldom rise in a straight line, the S&amp;P 500's journey from the bottom took 164 days - the longest 20% climb from a bear market low in five decades. Among the factors holding stocks back was a surge in Treasury yields to their highest levels in decades that dulled the allure of equities by offering investors the potential to earn attractive income in government-backed bonds.        A crisis that saw the biggest bank busts since the Great Recession also shook investor confidence, as did worries over a potentially catastrophic fight over lifting the U.S. debt ceiling.  The narrow breadth of the S&amp;P 500's rally has been a concern for some investors, with just seven stocks - Alphabet (GOOGL.O), Apple (AAPL.O), Microsoft (MSFT.O), Amazon (AMZN.O), Meta (META.O), Nvidia (NVDA.O) and Tesla (TSLA.O) - responsible for almost all of the index's gains this year. Many investors view these stocks as safe bets in uncertain times. Their gains were also driven by excitement over advances in artificial intelligence.  More recently, however, the market's gains have shown tentative signs of broadening out to other stocks.  Meanwhile, volatility has subsided - not only in stocks, but in Treasuries and currencies.        One reason for the calm in markets is investors' belief that the Fed is unlikely to deliver many more of the rate hikes that shook asset prices last year.        Investors have also been encouraged by evidence showing that the U.S. economy continues to be resilient in the face of the central bank's monetary tightening, while inflation slowly cools. The U.S. Citigroup Economic Surprise Index (.CESIUSD) shows U.S. economic data has in aggregate topped market expectations, helped by stronger than expected numbers for employment and consumer spending.        A 20% gain from bear market lows has in the past heralded further upside for stocks.  In four of the last six bear markets, the S&amp;P went on to rise 20% or more in the six months after hitting this milestone.  [  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-06-09 09:07:00]
[Which industry will benefit the most with cost savings due to AI advancements? Insurance?,;,; When we think about investing in AI, we usually tend to think about companies like Google that own DeepMind, or companies like Microsoft that have a stake in OpenAI. We think about Nvidia as a hardware player.  It's fine to invest in these companies, because if AI takes off huge, they'll all reap tremendous rewards, but what about the companies that will use these new AI tools to eliminate huge swaths of their payroll? I think we should concentrate on companies that can continue to do everything that their business model is aligned to do, just with 70 percent less human employees. The gigantic cost savings will start showing up in their surprising earnings beats, and the valuations for these companies will start to accelerate.   So, which industry uses thousands of human workers to process forms and documents, that won't need any of these workers anymore once AI has completely automated their process? The first industry that popped into my mind is Insurance. Should we look for insurance companies with the largest number of current workers likely to be phased out?  Look, I know this is depressing, but what else are we going to do? If we're all going to have our jobs replaced, might as well get rich investing in these companies on the way out. I don't want to come across as a vulture that's just following a group of travelers in the Sahara desert, just waiting for them to drop dead so they can feast, but it is.... what it is.,;,; 2023-04-21 16:34:39]
[Should I buy different ETFs depending on the type of account? IRA account vs. Individual Investment account.,;,; My mother recently passed away, and I inherited two Fidelity accounts that she had. One of the accounts was her IRA account. The other was an individual investment account. After taking a look at both of them, I realized that she has a ton of money in bonds. This made sense for someone her age, but for me, I'd like to completely revamp these accounts since I'm 32 years with a much higher risk tolerance.    She also has a ton of different individual stocks (over 70 different individual stocks) that I'd like to consolidate and use mostly ETFs instead. I will post my portfolio plan of action below. My main question is, should I be focusing mainly on ETFs that are dividend driven for the IRA account? While focusing mainly on non-dividend ETFs for my investment account? I know that with IRA accounts, you do not get taxed on dividends as yearly income like you would for investment accounts. I plan on buying the following ETFs for my investment account.   50% VOO (ETF)- Vanguard 500 Index Fund - 500 largest companies.  15% VTI (ETF)- Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund - Overall stock market.  10% AVUV (ETF)- Avantis US Small Cap Value -  US small-cap.  10% QQQ (ETF) - Invesco QQQ Trust Series 1 - Invesco QQQ - Technology, NASDAQ top 100....Apple, Google, Microsoft, ect.  10% Individual Stocks - NVDA, META, AAPL, AMZN, MCD, TSLA, SHOP, etc.  5% XXUS (ETF)- VXUS-Vanguard Total International Stock ETF - ETF with international exposure.    Should I approach my IRA account any differently? For example instead of these ETFs mentioned above, maybe get more dividend driven ETFs such as SCHD, VYM, SPYD, DGRO, etc?,;,; 2023-09-05 00:05:30]
[2024 One Month Reflection,;,; Coming into 2024 there were hopes of six rate cuts.  Institutions started positioning themselves into small caps in November and December thinking the rate cuts will drive small caps.  Tech had such a great year last year, but most of the gains were from losses in 2022.  Based on chairman Powell's remarks yesterday it is unlikely we see a rate cut in march.  That is when we started to see another selloff.  Besides the rate cuts probably not happening until May their is also risk in the regional banking sector when they start realizing the losses in commercial real estate.   There is also instability in the Middle East which is affecting shipping.  Oil prices have not gone up yet due to this conflict.  As long as the conflict is contained and does not start to grow I don't see this being a big issue.    Tech earnings started to come in and it has been a mixed bag so far.  SMCI is showing great strength from the AI boom.  AMD's Lisa SU said,“We are in the very early stages of the AI computing era, and the rate of adoption and growth is faster than any other technology in recent history”  Microsoft reported 30% growth in Azure revenue.  Based on this information the broader market should start to  do better around April leading into the May Fed meeting.  There is risk if we don't see the rate cuts in May which are not guaranteed.  I would stay out of the regional banks even if their are cuts due to the commercial real estate risk.  Hopefully this will not bleed over to ther areas of the economy.   Lastly I think tech will continue to outperform for at least a few years due to the early AI cycle.  This is going to lead to PC sales, data center, and cellular phone sales, to name a few that will see growth due to everyone upgrading for the AI technology.  Growth in the income will start to then reflect in the stocks.  &amp;#x200B;  What are your observations and how are you setting yourself up?,;,; 2024-02-01 16:12:59]
[Dilbert- cockroach and crosshair companies,;,; Back in the mists of time (early 90’s), the old Dilbert website had a financial pages section where Scott Adams set up 4 different stock indices, 2 of them pretty frivolous and based on his comic, but two interesting ones. The RATBX was 10 companies directly in the crosshairs of Microsoft, Intel, Oracle and Cisco…the most notable stock being Apple at a current price of $0.19 which would be worth a kings ransom now ($142m for a $1000 stake if my maths is right). My big takeaway from this was that you don’t need (or should expect) everything in your portfolio to be a superstar, but it’s great to have the odd standout performer… but it’s a bit of a lottery. The DOGBX consisted of 10 cockroach companies who would be the last 10 on earth. Only 8 now exist… My takeaway from this is that this is the equivalent of your low cost, S and P tracker type fund and while you’d not get Apple type returns, you’ll get consistent long term gains ($376,000 over 20 years for a $10k stake I reckoned). My question is, if we picked cockroach or crosshairs companies now, who would they be?   2023-07-19 00:31:55]
[Massive Misconception About the Writers Strike,;,; What most people do not realize is that the majority of the major studies are owned by larger entities that do not suffer from this. Sure its small term pain knowing that certain projects are on hold. There is a lot of content in the coffers that they can still continue to produce without additional writing.  Most of the major studios also have other revenue streams that power them through. Let's just take Disney to start. They have $8.3B coming in from parks. They have $5.5B coming in from Streaming. They have 1.9 Billion coming in from cord deals.  Look at Comcast, they have Peacock streamers, they have their existing cable business, they have their internet business (mixed with cable subscribers), they have their mobile unit.. they have plenty to keep powering their way through.  Then you have weird companies like Apple and Amazon who can take virtual losses forever in entertainment and not care. Netflix is weird because of all its custom content but has a massive catalog of back content to keep subscribers happy for a while.  &amp;#x200B;  What stocks to look at are the ones that rely only on content to stay alive. Those are the companies to be paying attention too. For instance I'd be very interested in how Warner Bro's/Discovery are going to be doing.  I'd also look at Sony who owes a lot to their entertainment divisions for profits (sure they do electronics and niche other areas), but they own some of the larger studios.  &amp;#x200B;  I also don't want to make this a political topic but the Writers guild really needs to re-think their leverage. Sure the major studio's wont have new content coming out and already put a massive backlog and delays to projects. The major studios now are conglomerates that own so many other businesses they can keep moving along. They also don't realize that these studios will keep generating revenue but don't have to pay any of the writers, actors, production, etc... they have a freeze on money coming in but also a freeze on money going out.  The problem with industry consolidation + multi-faceted businesses is you lose your negotiating leverage.  &amp;#x200B;  Would love to hear other peoples thoughts on this. What do you think?  &amp;#x200B;  Especially their fear of AI As they know will becoming after their jobs. Netflix already was using it to determine what  shows and themes would be the most productive for returns. Disney/ILM started using it to replace opening credits. Disney even hired the group that for the end of Mando Season 2 were Luke showed up, another group of people showed they could do a better Deep Fake and they hired them. If I'm not mistaken Netflix used AI to write one of black mirrors episodes.  AI is coming and I can see why writers are so fearful. People are so naive on the idea that AI is coming for jobs even creative.  &amp;#x200B;  If anything I'd love to hear from people some of the VFX studios if they are public? That would be were I would start putting money into. Ones that are progressive and have a massive catalogue. It sucks ILM is private (Disney owned), Pixar (Disney Owned), Dreamworks, etc.  &amp;#x200B;  I wish Epic which powers the majority of games but also the Volume that is used in almost all new TV productions.... was public but they are private for now.  &amp;#x200B;  **At the end of the day the stocks to pay attention to are:**  The Chips Needed to Make these: Intel, Nvidia, AMD  The Fabs that produce them: TSCM, Samsung, Intel  Then there are companies producing the software: Epic, Blender, Unity. Adobe  The Streaming Services: Netflix, Disney+, Max (Warner Bros) -- then you have youtube material being turned into its own streaming service like Curiositystream Inc.  The Companies that specialize in building AI  Model with datasets: OpenAI (Microsoft), Google, Facebook, ByteDance, etc.  Royalty Companies: Dolby, IMAX  **Then there are the host of startups creating custom chips for these tasks (ASICS), newer software, and existing VFX studios who know how to power them all. Which is where the money will be for future stocks.**,;,; 2023-08-19 04:51:49]
[Taking out all my money from VOO and dumping it into MSFT,;,; It looks almost certain to me that MSFT would outperform VOO in the near future. Right now my portfolio is:   30% VOO  20% NVDA  10% MSFT  10% AAPL  10% GOOGL  10% AMZN  10% META  I am considering reallocating my portfolio to:   40% MSFT  20% NVDA  10% AAPL  10% GOOGL  10% AMZN  10% META  Do you guys think the change is a good idea? Any advice would be much appreciated.,;,; 2023-11-11 19:44:19]
[META Still The Cheapest of The Magnificent 7, Am I Wrong?,;,; Quick glance at some of the numbers for META. That EPS is crazy good, going back to the good times of 2021 all over again.  &amp;#x200B;  |Market Cap|$1,193,404,268,544| |:-|:-| |Return on Assets|17%| |Yield|0.43%| |Beta (1Yr, Daily)|1.737| |Gross Profit Margin (ttm)|80.8%| |FCF to Equity|28.6%| |Price to Sales|7.63| |Price to Gross Profit|9.45| |Price to Book|6.72| |Basic EPS (ttm)|15.2| |P/E|30.8|  &amp;#x200B;  GOOG, MSFT, AAPL are trading at good prices, but META is a more attractive investment option, imo. AVGO is also another good option although not part of the Mag 7, yes or no?  AMZN, NVDA, and TSLA are excluded due to their high prices. Despite the sky high price, NVDA is a better pick compared to AMZN or TSLA, imo.  &amp;#x200B;  These are my thoughts. What do you think? Love to hear your comments.,;,; 2024-02-10 00:10:20]
[MSFT freezes salaries for FTE's,;,; [  &amp;#x200B;  According to an internal email MSFT will not give salary increases to FTE's this year and has made it harder to get higher bonuses and stock awards.  This basically reverses the salary bump they offered to FTE's last year.  The move was likely taken to stave off further layoffs which have deeply hit the tech sector this past year.,;,; 2023-05-10 16:49:07]
[MSFT Crushes Azure earnings up over 4% AH,;,; [  &amp;#x200B;  Seems to Amy was holding this one close to the vest and knew when to let loose.  Flight to quality is ramping up.  How long can Tech hold ATH with everything else teetering on the edge?,;,; 2023-10-24 20:32:42]
[VOO + AAPL + MSFT + Googl + AMZN + INTC for the next 5 years?,;,; I'm 31(M). I have been monitoring big tech stock for a year and it's atleast up by 20%. I decide to contribute 1500$ per month. How's this breakdown?  VOO - 500$  AAPL - 300$  MSFT - 300$  Googl - 200$  INTC - 100$  AMZN - 100$,;,; 2023-11-07 22:30:25]
[would like an opinion on selling AAPL/MSFT shares,;,; My stock portfolio is about 50% VOO/25% VGT and a bunch of individual stocks from different sectors. VOO and especially VGT are super heavy on AAPL &amp; MSFT as it is. The indiviaul Apple and Microsoft stocks I own make up about 15% of that remaining 25% of my portfolio. I bought them when they were really cheap in October 2022 and have held them since for some great returns. Now I am wondering if I should sell them and allocate into that \~15% into VIG or SCHD or other individual companies for more diversity.   Advice appreciated - ty!,;,; 2023-06-11 22:55:34]
[AAPL earnings release bear case : MSFT missed big time on the Hardware part.,;,; MSFT still crashed it, but it's mainly thanks to their software part of their business. AAPL on the other hand, has most of its income from hardware.   Now whatever the outcome of those earnings, it won't change the long term picture for me. I'm long on Apple, and to me, it's one of the best and we'll run businesses in the world.   I'm just looking forward to hear your bear or bull cases specifically on this earnings report.,;,; 2023-05-01 21:36:10]
[MSFT is baking in massive AI revenue streams. Is it really going to boost profits like the hype?,;,; Long term holder of MSFT here. To be fair I think MSFT is making a good move getting out in front of this trend and getting a big foothold in the industry. However cool the tech is I find it very hard to believe the stock run up is warranted to this level based on what I saw at build. Couple of points I think "bear" considering.  1. How many employers are going to pay extra for these features is the near future? My company has blocked most things AI citing fears of client data leaks and misuse. (co-piot, bing chat) 2. How big of a revenue boost will this really be? There is a lot of computational hardware in use behind the scenes. If you have power users hitting this all day how much is being kept in profit? 3. Azure Open AI seems to have some good use cases, but a lot of the demonstrated cases are around chat bots. Are chat bots worth a 35X + multiplier on this 2 trillion plus stock?  My view is more that MSFT has to do this to ensure they stay in the game not that this will be a major major revenue driver. For a company this large thinking PE of 35 is a bit lofty. But then again I've been reminded by some that MR Market tends to throw fundamentals to the wind when the hype gets big and we can grow into this multiplier...it just might be a bit.,;,; 2023-05-30 16:13:40]
[What happens to stock when company get bough for cash? ATVI - MSFT Deal,;,; Assuming the deal goes through, what will happen to my stock? Do I have to take any action to sell my shares to MSFT or it will get done automatically and my shared will get sold and $95 per share addded to my account?   ,;,; 2023-08-14 23:23:42]
[Bill Gates could have been worth $1.15 Trillion USD by now.,;,; Bill Gates once owned 45% of Microsoft's shares. His stake would be 3,348,450,000 shares if he never  had sold the vast majority of it.  3,348,450,000 X $345.73 USD (Today's closing Price= $1,157,659,618,500.  &amp;#x200B;  I wonder if he regrets not diamond handing his MSFT,;,; 2023-07-17 21:01:15]
[Ships that have sailed and those still set to sail,;,; We all know the stocks and assets that have gone to the moon since the last decade or so. Big tech, Tesla, Bitcoin, NVDA, AMD, and many others. I remember trading msft around 50.00 share in 2015ish thinking this is a boring old PC company lol.   While those stocks are still growing and going up they’re now discovered and mature in the cycle. What are some stocks that you think are at the beginning of the cycle that could set sail like the others we all know by now. The proverbial MSFTs at 50.00 or FB at ipo. And why do you see these as something we’ll see explode over the next decade?,;,; 2024-02-04 14:41:59]
[What are the next big products by the magnificent 7?,;,; Apple will release the Apple Vision - thatll be exciting   Meta just released threads in europe but what else is in their cannon?  will tesla further ramp up their 'suv' portfolio?  does MSFT try anything else with hardware?,;,; 2023-12-15 13:07:08]
[Digital Age for Big Oil using Big Tech $HAL &amp; $MSFT ; $AMZN &amp; $BP, $SHEL,;,; [     At a certain point in its lifecycle, every industry faces its moment of reckoning with growing pressure to transform due to factors such as increasing competition, changing consumer preferences, government policy and other secular headwinds. The transformation usually takes the shape of improved supply chain discipline as well as streamlining business operations in order to achieve better operating margins.  For the oil and [natural gas]( industry, the moment of truth arrived a few years ago after years of weak benchmark prices, shrinking margins and massive capital flight forced the sector to seriously rethink the way it does business with energy companies increasingly turning toward tech heavyweights for help in cutting costs and streamlining operations.   A good case in point is [a partnership]( struck between **Haliburton Co.** (NYSE:HAL), **Microsoft Inc.** (NASDAQ:MSFT) and **Accenture Plc.** (NYSE:ACN) in 2020. For years, Haliburton, one of the world’s largest oilfield services companies, has been plagued by shrinking margins and chronic underperformance. The company eventually made a deal with the two cloud giants to migrate its existing data centers to cloud and enhance digital offerings.   Halliburton is hardly alone.  After years of dilly-dallying, oil and gas companies are now rapidly moving their IT infrastructure out to the Cloud as well as adopting Business Process Management (BPM) systems. This frequently results in a leaner, more agile organizational model whilst delivering significant cost savings.  Barclays estimates that the upstream market digital services industry will grow from less than $5 billion in 2020 to a more than $30 billion annual tab by 2025, thus enabling $150 billion in annual savings for oil producers. Opportunities for cost savings include cutting capital expenditures (capex) as well as selling, general and administrative (SG&amp;A) costs and transportation operating costs.  According to Barclays, the digital age is finally dawning for the energy sector with the market poised to erupt over the next five years. Over the past few years, Microsoft has struck cloud partnerships with several Big Oil companies including **ExxonMobil** (NYSE:XOM), **Chevron Inc**. (NYSE:CVX) and Haliburton while Google’s parent company **Alphabet Inc.** (NASDAQ:GOOG)[ has significantly expanded]( its partnership with **Schlumberger Ltd.** (NYSE:SLB), another oilfield services giant. Meanwhile, **Amazon Inc.** (NASDAQ:AMZN) offers digital services to the industry through Amazon Web Services[ oil and gas division]( and counts **BP Plc**. (NYSE:BP) and **Shell Plc** (NYSE:SHEL) among its top clients.     In many cases, Big Oil’s digital makeover is quite extensive.  For instance, Halliburton kicked off multiple digital transformation projects during the pandemic. Thailand’s PTT Exploration and Production and Kuwait Oil Company were among the notable oil and gas companies that were awarded Halliburton contracts to implement digital transformation and enhance efficiency and production at their oilfields.   For years, Big Oil has been using tech companies’ enterprise software in their highly complex operating systems--including  rig management operations and precise drilling techniques. However, they have traditionally been somewhat reluctant to hand over their treasure troves of valuable data mainly on cyber security concerns as well as the need to maintain competitive advantages, preferring instead to develop most of their software developed in-house or by companies within the oilfield services sector such as Haliburton.   However, this is now changing as they look for ways to improve operational efficiencies in a bid to squeeze higher cash flows and profits from their existing operations.   Is the new approach working? The evidence seems to suggest so, with shale drilling costs on an encouraging downtrend. **J.P. Morgan** estimates that Permian's Delaware Basin oil drillers now require oil prices of just \~$33/bbl to break even down from $40/bbl in 2019. ,;,; 2023-04-03 21:37:36]
[Got Apple at $38, should I unload some of it?,;,; I got[555 shares]( its about 25% of my retirement portfolio. Its in my ROTH account, so I won't have to pay any taxes. The rest of my retirement portfolio is a mix of (SPY, QQQ, MSFT, AMZN, DIS, IWM, ORCL, UBER, TWLO, XLE, ADBE).   I feel like I'm a bit too overweight with AAPL, and IF their stock goes down, due to their slower growth trajectory, my cheeks would get clapped a bit.  Not sure what else I would buy though if I sold some. Maybe SMH or some Cloud security ETF? But I feel like I'm pretty late to the party for that.         I won't retire for at least another 30 years.      &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2024-01-22 19:08:02]
[We went from FAANG to Mag7 to AI5...what will be the next stock grouping to lead the way?,;,; For a couple years FAANG was all anyone talked about with Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Netflix and Google.  Every CNBC broadcast mentioned the FAANG stocks.  Eventually that went away due to Facebook changing to Meta and the stock getting crushed, along with Netflix hurting.  Next came the Magnificient 7 aka Mag7, which has been Tesla, Nvidia, Apple, Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft.  Now with Tesla and Apple slowing, that has quickly ended.  Finally we've hit the new one called Ai5 of the top 5 AI stocks in MSFT, TSMC, Broadcom, Nvidia, AMD  So what comes next?,;,; 2024-01-31 16:51:04]
[ENPH - What caused it to spike to $336 and what caused it to drop to now $136?,;,; Enphase started at $30 rolling into 2020 and by December 2022, it was at $336. Months later, it's down to $136.  &amp;#x200B;  As a beginner, can someone who follows this stock explain how this happened? Also, does it make this stock a must buy at the moment at its current price if you believe in long term green energy. If not, do you have any other recommendations for long term green energy?  &amp;#x200B;  Also looking for a suggestion for a beginner; most of my portfolio is invested in an ETF. But I also have a couple of stocks that I own $1000 worth of (I know, not a lot) such as GOOGL and MSFT. If I was looking to play a long term, high risk, high reward game and I could only choose between say MSFT or GOOGL and ENPH, is it better to own $1000 worth of ENPH instead of MSFT/GOOGL if I was aiming for long term high risk, high reward?,;,; 2023-08-07 15:02:18]
[What happened to GOOG?,;,; Why did GOOG fell so much on earnings report? They definitely were good in 3rd quarter, only cloud services shows bad results, but it never was so much focused on business customers, so I can’t expect good results from Google cloud services. Is AI hype still running, and GOOG investors run into MSFT?,;,; 2023-10-24 21:37:43]
[Bought my first individual stock today.,;,; I bought MSFT around 10:30am, which I plan to hold for a long time.   It's already gone up 1%, not that it won't go down again.  It will be fun to watch.  I hope this kind of post is okay.  I'm just excited.  (Up until today its all been in managed accounts.  This was an impulse buy driven by my personal interest (AI), so I hope this wasn't too irrational of a purchase.  Technically I had some MSFT in my managed account, but this was the first time I bought on my own, separately.  I'm usually too much of a chicken to buy stocks.  This is less than 1% of my total.)  ----  UPDATE: Since I'm getting some salty and sarcastic comments, I'll explain my thinking, although it'll likely attract more saltiness:  I'm gambling Microsoft will become the leader in AI given what's happened in the last 24 hours. OpenAI's loss of staff (up to 70%!) and leadership will cause it to go into permanent stagnation and lose its lead (unless they pull off some miracle this week).   MSFT is perfectly positioned to take over OpenAI's near monopoly on consumer AI in less than a year. They already know how to operate OpenAI's hardware infrastructure and have poached many of OpenAI's employees and leadership.  AI is the "next big thing", as big as the PC, the Internet, or the iPhone, and AGI, in whenever year it comes, will be even bigger.  AI hasn't fully saturated all domains, yet, so the full impact hasn't been felt by most people or industries... yet.  People are commenting, "but it's at ATH", which is true.  AAPL was at an all time high in late 2006 (if I have the timing right), and then the iPhone happened.  And all that said, this is 1% of my portfolio.  Calm down.  This was for fun.  I was hoping this would be a friendly community.  edit: removed how many shares I bought as it bothered some people.,;,; 2023-11-20 17:13:05]
[Sold my Birth Day Stock,;,; Today I sold almost all of my position in MSFT, which I've held since I was born. On my birth day, my grandparents bought a number of shares for me, which my parents told me about when I turned 18.   This is the second time I've sold any of it, the first time was when my dad showed me how to even sell a stock. We sold a portion to help pay for my college tuition. Over the years there were definitely times I wanted to sell for dumb reasons, like wanting to buy a new car, or start using it for options trading, or reinvest in some other fad. But I held off.   Now, I need the money for a down payment on a first home for my wife and I. This ticker has always been in my brokerage account alongside every other trade I've done. It was really hard selling it, but I know it's exactly why I've been holding it all these years. Now, it's giving me the opportunity to afford a home for my family, and I am unspeakably grateful.   I'm fortunate enough that my grandparents are still around and I can tell them myself how much of a gift they gave me all those years ago. I kept a few shares for the sentimentality, maybe I'll pass them down someday too.   Net profit of 11,093% (estimated from MSFT's average on my birth year, it's been so long that the brokerage doesn't have the cost basis anymore),;,; 2023-11-08 20:56:02]
[When to sell, actually? When is it enough?,;,; Okay, I have a number of tech stocks (MSFT mainly). The trend is positive and it seems like it will continue for a while, but when is it enough? I want to learn when I just need to accept that the profit I am making is OK / good enough and just sell them instead of having that FOMO feeling of “but what if it will hit 400 dollars next week”.  Any tips? Indicators? Just want to learn more from your wisdom.,;,; 2023-11-08 17:01:48]
[Out of this list of tickers, which 5 would you feel the best to DCA into over 20 years,;,; I'm a 22M trying to allocate 20% of investments to individual stocks and these are the choices I narrowed to.   MSFT AMD NVDA COST V MA ARCC CELH STLA PANW VRT LPX SPOT RKLB AXON  Some of these are companies I use products from so I'm biased, and some are just ones that I've found through recommendations, technical analysis and sentiment. Thank you all for your help!,;,; 2023-12-28 22:21:39]
[Stocks to hold long term for 2023,;,; I’ve been investing in individual stocks for a bit but have been a bit more safe, investing most of my money in the large cap index fund FXAIX.   I’m currently holding shares in NDVA, TSLA, MSFT, AAPL, DOCU, and NET.  Im wondering if anyone has any recs or advise on other companies to invest and just hold for several years.  Thank you!  Edit: thanks everyone for the suggestions. Lot of ppl are suggesting VOO or VTI or SPY. My portfolio is already heavily in FXAIX, so it would be redundant to have another fund that tracks the SP500,;,; 2023-05-13 17:25:23]
[Past and future imp. event impact on stock price,;,; Hi,  I'm looking for a free-to-use service where I can look at **past stock events and how they impacted** a stock price. For example:  `MSFT: Microsoft Stock Adds 2% to Hit Record After Tapping Sam Altman to Lead AI Team`  `MSFT: Microsoft Stock Soars 4% as Quarterly Revenue Lands at $56.5B, Beating Estimates`  The same for **future events**. I mean, **possible gain or loss based on some future events**.  I was able to find it on **Trading View - Timeline**. But it's available only for **a few top stocks** 🥲 Check it out - [ ,;,; 2024-01-19 13:36:08]
[Why Magnificent Seven stocks aren't really participating in the rally?,;,; Last month I sold SPY and QQQ and distributed it all in the Magnificent Seven stocks except TSLA. I know the Big 7 stocks have had a great year. But why are they not participating much in the latest rally? In the last month NVDA is down 3.16%, GOOG is down 0.79%, META is down 0.47%, MSFT is up just 1.11%, AMZN is up just 2.09%. In the same period SPY and QQQ are up 4.85 and 4.78% respectively. Do you guys think this rotation away from the Magnificent Seven would continue in 2024?,;,; 2023-12-13 21:56:30]
["Magnificent 7" vs S&amp;P 500?,;,; I really don't like the *"Magnificent 7"* name at all, but since everyone has adopted it, let's just roll with it. For those who don't know the Magnificent 7 are: **AAPL, GOOG, MSFT, AMZN, META, TSLA, NVDA.** With a combined market cap of **more than $11 trillion**, they currently make up approx. **29% of the S&amp;P 500's market cap.**   The 7 giants have gained **71%** so far this year while the rest of the 493 stocks included in the benchmark index have gained 6%. They have also outperformed all other stocks in terms of growth, profit margins and forward EPS growth, and have stronger balance sheets.   Most analysts expect that the M7 will continue to outperform all other companies until 2025 at least.   Now I know this is a "stocks" subreddit but just like the majority of retail investors, a large chunk of my portfolio is alocated to an S&amp;P 500 ETF.  So I am actually considering instead of DCAing into a broad index ETF, why don't I just DCA into those 7? Maybe even swap META &amp; TSLA since I am not rly a big fan of, with other 2-3 large caps that I favor, like AMD, and ADBE.  Should we expect these 7 to continue outperforming the rest of the world? Should we consider cyclicality? There's no doubt that all 7 of these companies are leaders and are probably not going anywhere in the near future. Nowdays it's as difficult as ever to overtake these giants, imo.,;,; 2023-11-16 10:38:24]
[Summary of earnings from Jul 25 afternoon,;,; * 🔻 Microsoft MSFT beat expectations but gave weak guidance, stock is -3% after hours. * 💹 Google GOOG beat expectations, stock is up +6% after hours * 🔻Snap revenue keeps falling, and also weak guidance, stock down a whopping -20% after hours. * ↔️ Visa V beats on earnings, but growth has slowed, stock is flat (down -0.5%) after hours. * 🔻Texas Instruments forecast is weak, down -3.5%  after hours  The company list and order is a subset of the list from [ I only chose the largest companies in the list.  I have some MSFT stock but none of the others.,;,; 2023-07-26 00:38:12]
[Is big tech running into a wall?,;,; One of the interesting things with the huge growth of the FAANG names over the last decade of do is that they have all grown in their own lane. Google did search, Apple did hardware, Microsoft was software, Facebook had social, etc...  It looks like these companies are starting to try to move into each other's territory. MSFT is pushing into search with chat GPT, apple is seeing large retailers (Spotify being notable) to incentivize buying through their website as opposed to the app store. Facebook is feeling the pinch of apple's restrictions. Google is moving into the cloud....etc.   I'm thinking these companies will have a hard time keeping up their growth of the last decade because they are starting to have fearsome competition form the first time in ages, from each other.   Any thoughts?  Edit: I've been out of big tech for awhile now. Just wanted other opinions.,;,; 2023-02-27 18:29:30]
[Do you ever buy stocks outside of the indexes and Mag 7 near all time highs?,;,; As the title says. Have you ever bought into companies that are at all time high prices outside of the Mag 7 and SPY/VOO/VTI type of baskets.  There were many stocks outside of those I was afraid of buying earlier this year to name four CRWD, LULU, BKNG, and DHI. All for different reasons. CRWD because there was competition with MSFT and media saying companies would spend less on cybersecurity. LULU due to retail theft fears. BKNG due to travel spending ending and their listings being banned in major cities. DHI due to the housing crash that was meant to come. So now all are near ATH and I feel I missed the boat is it too late to buy.  Would you wait for a dip to occur or would you invest no matter what the price is for those type of companies outside the mega cap tech or the basket type of stocks/ETF. I named specific companies but there are many stocks in the market in this type of situation.,;,; 2023-12-25 15:40:48]
[Is AI still worth the hype?,;,; The AI hype seems to be fading, but honestly, I don't see a solid reason behind it. I mean, there are millions hooked on ChatGPT every day, and they can't even imagine life without it. And it hasn't even been a year since it blew up.  I'm betting there will be a flood of new AI-generated products on the horizon, and I'm pretty sure there's still a bunch of killer companies to invest in. $SMCI, for instance. Their ratios look solid in my book, and teaming up with Nvidia could totally launch them into the stratosphere. $MSFT, $NVDA, and $META – they're all sitting pretty to ride this wave.  But the real question is: Are we looking at a déjà vu of the dot-com bubble where Cisco got totally hammered, or are these players gonna keep dominating the market?,;,; 2023-08-29 12:49:01]
[Wouldn't it be much more logical to swing trade in Roth IRA's and long-term hold in regular accounts instead of the exact opposite?,;,; Wait a second before you have a meltdown over this. Hear me out, then tell me that I'm a dumbass.  It's my belief that most people turn into the Boglehead types over time because of their experiences with paying taxes on short-term capital gains and long-term capital gains. Newer investors don't have the experience with dealing with their taxes as much, so they tend to swing for the fences with shorter-term positions.  More seasoned investors tend to buy and hold, but this is a learned behavior because they know that their absolute worst case tax scenario on a long-term gain is 20 percent (federally). Of course, you only pay the 20 percent on long-term cap gains if you're income is over like 492k or something. Most end up paying about 15 percent federal tax on their long-term cap gains. Short-term cap gains seem to be taxed almost double that amount, obviously it depends on your exact tax bracket situation, but you get the point.  Thus, it's been beaten into the heads of seasoned investors that it's just smarter in the long run to hold positions for at least a year, because your tax bill is often cut in half, or almost in half. You do this long enough, and it becomes ingrained in your investing personality.  All of this makes perfect sense to me.  Ok, now let's talk about Roth IRA's. With Roth IRA's, if you're doing things correctly, there's ZERO taxes on your earnings when you're taking your money out. Obviously you need to be 59 1/2 years old and you need to have passed the 5-year rule, etc., etc.  But if ultimately there's no tax implications whatsoever for investments that are under the Roth umbrella, why do most people tend to hold things for the long-term, and be ultraconservative?  **WAIT!**  I already know what you're going to say, but I'm going to argue that it's nonsensical. You're going to say because Roth IRA's are designed for retirement, and when you get up to that age you should be a lot more risk adverse, because you really need this money for your retirement and you can't be screwing around, taking penitentiary chances.  However, here's my argument to that. Consider all of your investments, Roth and normal brokerages as this large bucket of water. Most ~~people~~ investors will have a Roth account and a regular brokerage account. Due the limitations on how much you can get into a Roth each year, it's likely that most people will have at least 5 to 6 times as much money in their regular brokerage accounts as their Roth accounts. For example.... Imagine somebody has 50k grand total in various Roth accounts. Maybe a standard issue Roth and a 401k Roth. But they have 250k in a "normal" brokerage account.  In this scenario, less than 17 percent of their overall investment money is in their Roth. So, the argument that they need to be ULTRA CAREFUL WITH THEIR ROTH MONEY is pretty illogical, because it's such a small percentage of their overall scenario.  **Wouldn't it be tremendously more logical to actually trade that 17 percent of their account more aggressively, when it's the only 17 percent that isn't negatively affected by moving in and out of stocks?**  Think about the guy that has Microsoft stock. Been holding MSFT for years. He knows the ups and downs. The peaks and valleys. He can probably tell you countless times he would have taken profits if only there wasn't a major tax consequence. So, he doesn't take profits when the stock gets ahead of itself, and then buy back in during a retracement. But his reasoning is tax implications. Inside a Roth, there's no tax implications. Thus, this same investor could sell out of MSFT when he thinks it's gotten ahead of itself, and then buy back in during a retracement and end up with more overall shares. All with no taxable implications whatsoever.  Now obviously, nobody can predict the future and sometimes people are going to get it wrong. They'll sell MSFT when they think the stock has gotten way ahead of itself and then it continues to go on a tear and now he can't buy back in and still have the same number of shares.  But by the same token, just talk to any Amazon investor over the last three years. That shit has basically gone pretty much nowhere for a three-year period. So the whole buy and hold forever strategy hasn't worked out that great for AMZN holders.   It cuts both ways. Don't just cherry pick the example of it hurting.,;,; 2023-09-04 19:40:02]
[Smart strategy to be buying large banks with a 5-10 years time horizon ?,;,; Is it a good time time to buy stocks like Citi, JPM, BAC if you have a 5-10 years horizon? Looking at the dividend yield and thinking. I already have about 40% of my portfolio spread across these stocks. Another 15% in USB, JEF and SOFI.   The remaining 45% are spread across tech (MSFT, GOOG, AMZN - 20%), semi (TSM, Intel - 10%), O&amp;G (OXY - 5%), VTI (10%).  Buy price are as follows: JPM - 135 Citi - 47.1 BAC - 32.3 USB - 37.3 JEF - 31.3  SOFI - 5.58  MSFT - 245 GOOG - 96 AMZN - 99 TSM - 82 INTC - 35 OXY - 61 VTI - 194,;,; 2023-05-14 13:09:06]
[How many investors out there are cashing out to wait out this period of increasingly bearish economic uncertainty?,;,; The spell of January optimism is all but a distant memory with increasing interest rates and a prolonged period of, at best, stagflation. More quarter point hikes to get to a possible 6% interest rates making bonds more appealing and tanking growth and tech stock by 10% plus over a possible 6 - 12 month period.  I’ve cashed out 50% and have stocks in Google, Microsoft, Salesforce, Tesla left in. I can see these all slipping without any major support with all the gloomy news. I’d be taking  a bit of Tesla and Salesforce profit and breaking even on google and MSFT.  Wait on the sidelines maybe put in dividend utility stocks and wait for what could be a huge bull market rally a year or two from now.  Any thoughts?,;,; 2023-03-09 03:12:04]
[How would other Mag7 be impacted by NVDA's earnings?,;,; What's your view on how other Mag 7 share price in the wake of NVDA's earnings?  Assuming NVDA manages to hit the market's "shadow expectations" and thus rallies further, do you believe this would give strong tailwinds to the other tech giants (I'm thinking especially of MSFT and META)? Or could there be so much focus on NVDA that the others would temporarily remain flat/trend downwards?  Conversely if somehow the earnings disappoint, what scenarios do you guys envisage?  Disclosure: long NVDA (albeit late to the race) but looking to exit and capitalize on other Mag 7 which I see as less prone to extreme volatility.,;,; 2024-02-16 11:35:44]
[Q2 Earnings - Microsoft beats estimates as Azure grows faster than expected,;,; Here’s how the company performed, compared with consensus among analysts polled by LSEG, formerly known as Refinitiv:  Earnings: $2.93 per share, vs. $2.78 per share expected  Revenue: $62.02 billion, vs. $61.12 billion expected  Microsoft’s revenue increased 17.6% year over year in the year, which ended on Dec. 31, according to a statement. Net income, at $21.87 billion, or $2.93 per share, increased from $16.43 billion, or $2.20 per share.  The company’s Intelligent Cloud segment produced $25.88 billion in revenue, up 20% and above the $25.29 billion consensus among analysts surveyed by Refinitiv. The grouping contains Azure cloud infrastructure, SQL Server, Windows Server, Nuance, GitHub and enterprise services.  Within that segment, revenue from Azure and other cloud services grew 30%. Analysts polled by CNBC had expected 27.7% growth, and the StreetAccount consensus was 27.5%. The metric for the previous quarter was 29%.  Revenue from the Productivity and Business Processes unit including Office productivity software, LinkedIn and Dynamics totaled $19.25 billion. That was up 13% and higher than the $18.99 billion StreetAccount consensus.  The More Personal Computing segment contributed $16.89 billion in revenue, up about 19% and more than the StreetAccount consensus of $16.79 billion. The segment comprises Windows, Surface, Bing and Xbox.  During the fiscal second quarter, Microsoft closed its acquisition of video game publisher Activision Blizzard, its largest deal ever. The company also announced custom cloud chips and started selling a $30 monthly Copilot artificial intelligence add-on to Microsoft 365 productivity software bundles.  But layoffs continued. Microsoft’s LinkedIn subsidiary cut around 700 jobs in October on top of the 10,000 announced earlier in the year. Last week, Microsoft said it’s eliminating around 1,900 employees in its gaming unit, or about 9% of headcount, following the Activision deal.  Source:  2024-01-30 21:15:31]
[43 years old and I just invested in stocks for the first time in my life,;,; Hi everyone!  I decided to post here because I'm anxious, scared, and excited at the same time because I finally saved up some money and invested it for the first time.  I quit drinking beer and buying useless crap, and saved up (don't laugh) $1,000 dollars and had it sitting there in a credit union with pennies for interest and I didn't like that.    I'm really kicking myself for not doing this when I was younger.  I remember when I was in my mid 20's "this close" to making a brokerage account and getting started, and I never did it.  Did this scare any of you the first time you got in to trading?    The first share I bought was 1 full share in the Vanguard VGT ETF.  I know it sounds dumb, but it was pretty scary and exciting at the same time.  My position is focusing 80% ETFs and sprinkle in some individual stocks to play around with.    My primary goal is dividends and compound reinvesting, in the hopes that I can have a nice-ish passive income 20-30 years from now.  I'm wondering what you guys think of my current positions:  **ETFs:** VGT, VONG, VTI, SCHD, and SCHG  **Stocks** *(I bought fractions of these)*:  AAPL, AMZN, HD, JNJ, KO, MSFT, NVDA, O, RTX, WM, WMT  That was my attempt of diversifying.  I have been reading until my eyes bleed, and I really have no idea if what I'm doing is considered smart or not.  But for the first time, checking my portfolio today.. seeing I'm up 1.24% with everything in green (short of stupid Wal\*Mart)...    I'm up a whopping $10!  And I think that's pretty cool!!!  Now how in the hell do I make that **bajillions**?  Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-06 16:53:26]
[Going long term in 2024,;,; Rate this list  Just putting money into these 15 for the next year what do y’all think,: FSPGX, FSKAX, FXNAX, FTIHX, SCHD, BRK.B, TSLA, AMZN, ENPH, BABA, MSFT, RTX, RIVN, SOFI, XOM 5 funds/Etf, 10 individual stocks and just adding to as much as possible for the next year. Then maybe change up next year but pretty much I’m going long term just would like feedback back if ya have any suggestions,;,; 2024-01-03 08:22:27]
[AI associated stock bubble- Are people not skeptical enough about AI? or are they just trying to make a quick trade?,;,; It seems like people think AI can make time travel and other impossible feats possible.   People hope AI can achieve their wildest dreams, yet they probably are as clueless about AI as they are about the metaverse.  Is there not enough skepticism among speculators / traders / investors?   or are they all just short term NVDA MSFT profiteers? suggesting these stock prices may soon fall greatly.  Remember when stocks would go up just by mentioning "blockchain"? and then that shit imploded.  NVDA just hit a new YTD high. Where are we in the AI hype cycle right now?  &amp;#x200B;  a quick non-AI assisted search returns these results:  &gt;ChatGPT Is Dumber Than You Think.   &gt;   &gt;Let’s Stop Pretending—ChatGPT Isn’t That Smart.   &gt;   &gt;Why Is ChatGPT So Smart and So Stupid?  AI currently is a bunch of empty promises or limited use cases, with 10 year+ development cycles on top of the decades prior.  This AI sham feels like the blind faith people have that tesla will have full self driving. Like other car makers, TSLA only has level 3 autonomy, but it has a very inflated market cap. Kinda like the value presently assigned to AI, right?,;,; 2023-04-01 01:25:40]
[Are stocks telling us a pullback is ahead?,;,; During Thanksgiving week, typically marked by reduced stock trading volume, key stocks like **Microsoft (MSFT)**, **Amazon**, **Adobe Systems**, and **Meta Platforms** hit 52-week highs.    **The S&amp;P 500** had risen 11% from its October low, with its relative strength index (RSI) reaching 71.3, suggesting potential overbought conditions. The Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 also had elevated RSIs, indicating traders' uncertainty amid the battle for control of artificial intelligence. The Dow Jones Industrial Average saw an RSI of 71.2, influenced by Microsoft's new high.    While RSIs above 70 generally warn of a potential pullback, the current levels do not indicate extreme conditions.   Analysts foresee stocks rising into the new year, although gains may be more modest given recent increases since October. A pullback could present a watchful opportunity for bargain hunting.    ,;,; 2023-11-24 10:37:28]
[Stock covered call advice needed,;,; I hold a bunch of MSFT shares that I got at a very low cost basis (\~45$)     Last June, when shit was taking a dump, our family wanted to buy a home in hte next 3-4 months. So I wanted to limit downside but not give up on upside. MSFT stock was at 240$ then. So I did a collar: bought puts for 220, and sold covered calls for 300 (both expiring Jan 19). Primary goal was to protect the investment to give us cash to buy a home if the price and location was great.      Fast forward to today - we did not buy the home for various reasons. We are still in the market, and might buy in another 6 months.      But as you can see from the current stock price (\~390)I lost quite  bit of the upside. The calls come home to roost in 2 days :)      So what should I do?     \- Close the position and just tax loss harvest?   \- Lets the cals get assigned (and pay a huge amount of tax - might be in vain if we don't end up buying a home)   \- Roll the call: Set it up to 400 and push the date to Sept of this year     What would you do? Any suggestions?,;,; 2024-01-17 18:09:27]
[Monthly ‘what are your favourite stocks?’ Post,;,; Trying to learn sectors/companies that others know but I don’t, and share with everyone here.  From my portfolio, I have the general big techs and a few small/mid cap companies i find interesting.  My list is: AAPL, GOOGL, MSFT, MA, ENPH, SQ, UNH, ASTS, RKLB, and IONQ.  What’s yours?,;,; 2023-07-13 15:53:21]
[Thinking of going with $45,000 in the market tomorrow for at least 2 qtrs,;,; Below is how my stupid brain thinking.  $45,000 ------------- $15,000 - AMD - Approx 150 shares  $10,000 - NVDA - Approx 40 shares  $10,000 - GOOGL - Approx 100 shares  $10,000 - MSFT -  Approx 36 shares  ***Which stocks will you buy instead?***,;,; 2023-03-20 01:11:30]
[Stick with my "Magnificent 7" (well 5) or move to QQQ?,;,; Hey all, I retired recently at age 55 and have been pondering about my investment strategy for the coming years. Specifically, I'm caught between rebalancing my current tech-heavy portfolio, adding AAPL to the mix, or just simplifying life by moving everything into QQQ.   This particular portfolio makes up around 30% of my total retirement savings, and I plan to start drawing it down slowly in about 2 years.        My Current Portfolio      MSFT: \~75%    AMZN: \~9%    NVDA: \~8%    TSLA: \~6%    GOOG: \~1%    Some Context:    I earned my MSFT shares during my career there and am pretty bullish on their future, hence the big slice of the pie they occupy. I added the TSLA in 2016 and sold a few when it had a big gain but again I'm bullish on them. Most of the stocks have been held for at least 3 years.        So, what are your thoughts?        Should I rebalance these existing stocks?    Should I consider adding AAPL to diversify a bit within the tech sector?    Or should I just move it all into QQQ for ease of management?      Just seeking opinions.  &amp;#x200B;  If I don't simplify now I will need to in the coming years. I have a couple of years of cash equivalents available and will rebalance annually.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm not keen to just put it all in in an S&amp;P tracker or whatever as I believe tech will out perform for the foreseeable future. Also much of the rest of my retirement fund is well diversified in managed funds I can't touch yet due to tax/age.        Cheers!        ,;,; 2023-09-11 13:37:17]
[Is it normal for the index funds to be weighted this heavily by mega caps?,;,; For reference, I have positions in both QQQ, VOO, and an American Capital Group Index Fund. I looked at the top 10 holdings of each and they were all very similar: META, AMZN, Alphabet,  AAPL, NVDA, Broadcom, and MSFT. The 9th/10th places were different in all of them, with one being salesforce, one having Tesla, one being UnitedHealth. Another fund had Costco, one had Visa, and I don’t remember the other.   However, my question is how “normal” is it to have these large cap funds to have 7 or 8 of their top stocks be the same? Is this historically the case, or is the market too dominated by mega caps right now to have a difference?,;,; 2024-01-14 16:47:14]
[Samsung’s profit plunged 95% to its lowest level since 2009 as chip demand slumps,;,; &gt;South Korean electronics giant Samsung’s operating profit plunged in the first quarter as prices for its memory chips continued to fall and demand remained weak.   &gt;   &gt;Here are Samsung’s earnings at a glance in the first quarter:    &gt;   &gt;**Revenue:** 63.75 trillion Korean won (about $47.6 billion), down 18% year-on-year. That is on par with [Samsung’s own guidance of approximately 63 trillion Korean won]( but below the 63.9 trillion won expected by analysts, according to Refinitiv consensus estimates.   &gt;   &gt;**Operating profit:** 640 billion Korean won (roughly $478.55 million), down from 14.12 trillion won a year earlier. The company [issued guidance earlier this month]( saying Q1 profit would be 600 billion Korean won.   &gt;   &gt;This is the company’s lowest operating profit since the first quarter of 2009.   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;**Samsung sees memory recovery ahead**   &gt;   &gt;Traditionally, Samsung’s biggest profit driver is its semiconductor division which consists of sales of memory chips that go into everything from personal computers to smartphones to servers in data centers.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung posted a 4.58 trillion Korean won loss at its semiconductor business versus a 8.45 trillion won profit in the same period last year.   &gt;   &gt;During the pandemic, smartphone and PC makers stockpiled chips as demand for consumer devices increased, but they are now grappling with excess inventories as consumers cut back on purchases of these goods due to rising inflation. This has led to a fall in prices for the memory chips that Samsung sells.   &gt;   &gt;The South Korean giant said this month [it would be making a “meaningful”]( cut in memory chip production, following the lead of smaller rivals such as SK Hynix and Micron.   &gt;   &gt;“Samsung Electronics announced the disappointing number for the first quarter, but at the same time, they announced a meaningful production cut amid the severe memory chip downturn. After that, the market reacted positively on the news,” SK Kim of Daiwa Securities Capital Markets told CNBC’s “Squawk Box Asia” on Thursday.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung did however forecast a recovery in the second-half of the year.   &gt;   &gt;“Demand is expected to gradually recover in 2H amid projections that customer inventory levels will have declined,” Samsung said.   &gt;   &gt;[Samsung said it expects limited demand recovery]( as large-scale data centers invest more conservatively and customers continue to adjust inventories. Samsung also expects launches of new smartphones, PC promotions and expansion of new CPU adoption to boost memory chip demand.   &gt;   &gt;SK Hynix, a competitor to Samsung, [also guided for a recovery in memory chips]( when it reported a record quarterly loss on Wednesday,   &gt;   &gt;“If we got a rebound, it’s mostly driven by the production cut and some restocking demand. So we see, despite the disappointing earnings number, some positive investor sentiment on the stock,” said Kim.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung’s stock was around 0.6% higher on Thursday.   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;**S23 Ultra gives mobile a boost**   &gt;   &gt;During the first quarter, Samsung launched its latest lines of flagship [smartphones called the S23 series]( which gave its mobile division a boost.   &gt;   &gt;Revenue at its mobile business grew 22% versus the previous quarter to 30.74 trillion won, but was down 2% versus the same period last year. Operating profit came in at 3.94 trillion won, up 3% year-on-year.   &gt;   &gt;Samsung was helped by sales of its highest priced smartphone — the $1,200 S23 Ultra.   &gt;   &gt;“The premium market grew in terms of both volume and value even amid weak smartphone demand caused by lingering macro uncertainties,” Samsung said in a statement. “Sales grew and profitability recovered to reach double-digits on the back of strong sales of new premium models, centering on S23 Ultra, and efforts to enhance operational efficiencies.”   &gt;   &gt;Overall, Samsung’s smartphone division appeared to remain resilient amid an overall tough quarter for the industry. Shipments of smartphones fell 13% year-on-year in the first quarter of the year, according to data released Thursday by market research firm Canalys. Samsung reclaimed the top spot globally in terms of smartphone market share, Canalys said.   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;   &gt;**Tech recovery underway?**   &gt;   &gt;Samsung is the latest tech company globally to report earnings after numbers from U.S. technology giants [Alphabet]( [Microsoft]( and [Meta](   &gt;   &gt;Daniel Yoo, head of global asset allocation at Yuanta Securities Korea, pointed to strong results from these American tech firms.   &gt;   &gt;Meta saw [first-quarter sales boosted by advertising from Chinese companies]( while Microsoft posted [third-quarter results]( that beat analyst expectations on both the top and bottom lines.   &gt;   &gt;“I do think that the recovery story is coming. And the good factor is that despite such poor profit numbers coming through, we are seeing sharp prices stabilizing,” Yoo said on CNBC’s “Street Signs Asia” on Thursday.  Source: [ 2023-04-27 11:41:49]
[Microsoft earnings are out – here are the numbers,;,; Microsoft reported earnings after the bell. Here are the results.  Earnings: $2.45 per share, vs. $2.23 per share as expected by analysts, according to Refinitiv.  Revenue: $52.86 billion, vs. $51.02 billion as expected by analysts, according to Refinitiv.  Revenue is projected to be up 3% from a year earlier, which would mark a second straight quarter of growth below 10%. Before that, percentage expansion had been in double digits in every quarter since 2017.  Results are expected to be weakest in Microsoft’s personal computing division, which includes Windows operating system licenses sold to PC makers, along with Xbox consoles and Surface devices. Research firm Gartner estimated that PC shipments declined 30% in the quarter.  Microsoft’s Azure cloud business remains a bright spot for the company, but growth is slowing. Analysts surveyed by CNBC expect 26.5% growth from a year earlier, while analysts polled by StreetAccount predict 27.2% growth. Microsoft doesn’t disclose the size of its Azure business in dollars.  In the fiscal second quarter, revenue from Azure and other cloud services grew by 31%, down from 35% in the prior period.  Investors have another reason to be excited about Azure, which has aligned itself with ChatGPT creator OpenAI.  During the quarter, Microsoft announced a new multibillion-dollar investment in OpenAI and said it would draw on the company’s artificial intelligence models for a new version of its Bing search engine and enhancements to the Microsoft 365 productivity software.   Microsoft shares have risen 17% so far this year, while the S&amp;P 500 index is up less than 8% over the same period.  Executives will discuss the results with analysts and issue guidance on a conference call starting at 5:30 p.m. ET.  Source:  2023-04-25 20:10:57]
[Is Google SandBagging their AI?,;,; It occurred to me after playing a game of poker, that I was the fish.  I watched the players and those with the junk hands were boisterous.  &amp;#x200B;  That reminded me of MSFT/Open AI.  Throwing a product out there (while ok, it does some nice things).  It would be VERY hard to believe GOOGL.  Who has run all sorts of AI tests/in healthcare with alpha fold (deepmind).  Its completely incompetent.  &amp;#x200B;  Part of me is thinking Google is testing the waters, looking like they missed the boat, but they are letting their competition go first......and maybe fail.  That way they can see what the public likes and tweak their AI platform rather than being first to the market.  Its a bold move, but google has the most data......they are very astute.  While I have written about the Ad tech bubble and why its the worst since the great recession, GOOGLE IMO is the top dog in AI at the moment.  They are letting the other poker players flaunt their hands and then the royal flush will come out.  Also Baird 'failing' and these Sketchy 'google memo released that execs are angry over their missing AI'  its all a big show that google might be putting on to SLAP down competition later.   I wouldn't bet against this.  Thoughts?,;,; 2023-03-04 23:42:23]
[Rate my Investment portfolio,;,; I just started my first job and decided to start investing 650euro each month in a diversified portfolio consisting of the following. What are your thoughts/ opinions?  200 euro goes to : Amazon - AMZN Apple - AAPL Alphabet A - GOOG NVidia - NVDA Microsoft - MSFT Netflix- NFLX  200 euro: Vanguard S&amp;P 500(acc) - VUAA  250 euro: 5 iShare ETFs,;,; 2023-10-21 16:12:04]
[What percentages of your portfolio are allocated in Amazon, Apple, Google and Microsoft?,;,; I believe that these companies are too significant to face failure, and their growth will persist in both the short and long term. Additionally, they will gradually acquire additional market share, even venturing into industries such as automotive, as seen with Apple and Google. They will eagerly invest in promising startups, employing any means necessary to eliminate competition and establish dominance. With abundant financial resources and exceptional intellect, they possess the ability to expand continuously. And they will be overvalued too if not already.  Yet I'm slowly moving my portfolio to have more and more these stocks. I'm curious what percentages of your portfolio are allocated in AMZN, AAPL, GOOG and MSFT?  Ignore the portions in your ETFs. (I understand index fund is the way but may be that's not for me),;,; 2023-06-07 04:59:46]
[AI Strategies,;,; So after some initial skepticism, I’m 100% on board that AI will completely disrupt everything in the next 5 years (or sooner)—some of that disruption will be good and some will be bad. My question is how do I make money off of it? What companies/funds are you looking at and why? I’ve already increased my positions in MSFT and ADBE, but I’m looking for lesser-known stocks/funds that have big potential as AI truly takes off.,;,; 2023-03-22 22:18:53]
[This doesn't feel sustainable for a nearly $1 TRILLION Company!,;,; tl;dr at bottom   Not trying to start a debate, I'm not long or short $NVDA, don't own any, and I don't plan to open a position anytime soon, I'm just your monthly buyer of $VOO and $QQQ.    However, to the bulls out there, what is the reason for such a MASSIVE premium for this stock?  I understand they crushed earnings and increased foecast to a nearly 50% gain in revenue by Q1 2024, but even with that premium, they are trading at a nearly 200 P/E.    Assuming NVDA maintains that 50% premium and holds it for all 4-quarters in 2024, thats $44B in revenue which if they had 100% margins and zero cost of any kind, it would take you almost 22 years to payback the value of the stock.   Sure, someone will tell me P/Es don't matter, and they are growing like crazy, but at what point is the value of the stock (again, almost $1 TRILLION) still out of control?   \- Their Gross Profit is 56% which is impressive, but not unherd of (MSFT is 68%, META is 80%)    \- Their net income is 16% which is right in line with everyones favoriate not a car company TESLA at 15%  Lets throw out fundamentals since they clearly don't matter that much for this stock and look at their growth:  $7.19B (lower than Q1 2022 of $8.29B).    Their Q4 22 Revenue was $6.05B vs. Q4 21 of $7.64B  So grow is slower/stagnant from the previsous years, so why does that get such a massive premium?  Did they beat earnings estimates, yes, but those were concervitive.  Did they raise guidance by 50% due to the AI boom, yeah, how long will that last?  Same length as the gaming/crypto/at home boom?  Okay, then what, revenue falls again?      TL;dr   People talk about $TSLA being over valued, I've never seen a stock like $NVDA before being this "overvalued" in my life. What is keeping it up?,;,; 2023-05-25 14:25:03]
[Video Game Stocks,;,; Anybody looking into buying video game stocks or ETFs now?  Over the last year or two a lot of video game companies have slowed down on releasing big titles, cut staff and frozen new hirings. There just haven’t been any big stories aside from the possible ATVI MSFT merger. Diablo 4 hype is another one.  But now it seems like the new cycle in gaming is starting with games that’ll fully utilize current console power. I’m expecting a slew of big titles to come out in 2024-2025.  I’m looking at Take Two, Tencent, CD Projekt, Nintendo and Sony that still have room to grow.  Electronic Arts, Microsoft and Activision Blizzard will no doubt have some big hitters but their entry price is already pretty high.  Thoughts?,;,; 2023-07-30 16:50:52]
[Suggestion on high paying dividends Stocks,;,; Hey guys,  Wondering what would you recommend as a high dividend payer on the stock market?  Looking to expand my portfolio as I have already a lot of options on index funds and other “safe” companies like msft and aapl.  This is similar to another post where I asked about MCD. Thanks!,;,; 2023-12-14 19:31:11]
[12 Stocks to Hold in 2024 to Beat QQQ, SPY and SMH (or SOXX),;,; Total Market Cap: $8,726B, equals \~20% of S&amp;P 500  Average Yield: 1.13%, trails S&amp;P 500 by \~20% as of right now  Distribution: Equal Weighted, \~8.33% per stock  2024 Performance (so far): **8.5%** vs QQQ 5.27% vs SPY 3.12% vs SMH 11.42%  2023 Performance: **80%** vs QQQ 53.27% vs SPY 29.94% vs SMH 68.82%  2022 Performance: **-28%** vs QQQ -32.80 vs SPY -18.96% vs SMH -35.13%  &amp;#x200B;  |Ticker|Market Cap|Yield|Beta| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |MSFT|3009100644352|0.74|1.1515| |AAPL|2975178948608|0.50|1.1216| |META|1012884701184|0.00|1.8319| |AVGO|564053737472|1.74|1.5162| |ADBE|277496365056|0.00|1.6971| |QCOM|168331640832|2.12|1.4357| |TXN|149157806080|3.17|1.2389| |GE|142785888256|0.24|0.9029| |AMAT|138871144448|0.77|1.6005| |LRCX|110147493888|0.95|1.6329| |ADP|97109114880|2.37|0.8238| |KLAC|81473560576|0.97|1.7177|  &amp;#x200B;  Mostly mega and very large cap stocks, so probably quite safe when comparing to an index like SMH even (but not when comparing to QQQ or SPY). What do you guys think of these picks? Will provide an update to this post on **Jan 2nd 2025**.,;,; 2024-01-28 21:27:33]
[For long term growth tech company, is it good time to buy Nvidia now?,;,; I believe AI is much more real thing than bitcoin, meta-verse. I think this will support Nvidia in the long run for growth. MSFT, GOOG also benefits from AI but given their wide products and diversified business, just feel this will limit their growth.  Tesla is also a good option for growth, but its CEO just too unpredictable, and Tesla has lots of competitors while Nvidia has strong moat for both software CUDA and hardware.  The only question is that, should I buy at $278? The price seems bubble to me given their recent earning report and entire economic environment.,;,; 2023-04-02 22:00:53]
[Portfolio setup,;,; Backstory. I’m currently invested in about 20 stocks of about 5% each. Mostly a dividend portfolio with positions in mostly what I feel are “value” dividend stocks. Even though I’m up 15% this past year, I’m trailing the market and have gone back and forth on just going 100% VOO (I’m really struggling with my pride indexing). I’m in my early 40s so a minimum’s of 15 years to expected retirement age.  What I’m considering is selling out of all of these positions and narrow this to 10 holdings at 10% each. The 10 I’m considering are not what I would consider value but great companies. Examples would be: MSFT, V, COST, UNH, APPL, NVDA, AMZN, WMT, MCD, and O.   How dumb is this?   Disclaimer: I own a small business so half of my net worth is outside of this portfolio.,;,; 2023-12-31 13:00:46]
[Starting to Regret Individual Stocks,;,; I have most of my holdings in Mutual Funds, but I acquired several stocks over the years that I thought looked good. But boy am I bad at that. All but one of them are down overall. I don't need to sell any time soon, but I just realized they are all tech stocks, and have massive swings up and down, its making me nervous. Should I wait for them to have a realized gain and then sell? do i continue to hold since its not a substantial part of my holdings, and try to not feel so stressed? Mutual funds make up a little over 80 percent of my holdings, while the rest makes up these stocks. GOOGL, INTC, MCHP, MSFT, WDC.   and my 401k which is abysmal not included.     &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-06-24 16:28:44]
[Building up the $100k club,;,; So Ive been trialing an idea that's so far been working well, but conscious we've been on a bull run since I started it  I've got a margin account with IBKR and can borrow $300k at the moment. So I buy $100k of a blue chip stock that I wouldn't mind holding long term, and auto sell it when it's +2.5%, thus netting $2.5k pre tax. My theory is I'm unlikely to buy at a long term peak, and even if I do, the worst thing is that I've got a big stake In a blue chip.   My 100k club includes: Apple Msft Meta Brk Bhp Rio Team  Currently up $10k, done this 4 times (once with an index ETF which I won't do again). Most trades have closed within a weak, I panicked with meta and sold early after it came back , and it then went up n up. Need to stick to the plan.   Thoughts? Who would you add to the club?,;,; 2024-01-02 00:35:36]
[What are some interesting tech stocks with actual EPS and is not a big tech?,;,; Actual EPS: Has positive EPS on a GAAP basis.  So this would not include companies that are not profitable on a GAAP basis, like Cloudflare, SentinelOne, Okta, etc.  And yes, I understand that non-GAAP is related to share-based compensation, but I just want to stay on the safe side.  Not a big tech.  I consider the following big tech: MSFT, AAPL, AMZN, GOOGL, GOOG, NVDA, META, TSLA, NFLX.  Also, why do you consider the stocks you name to be interesting?  I will do my own DD but curious about your thoughts.,;,; 2023-04-05 23:48:43]
[Good CEOs to learn from.,;,; Outside MSFT, who are some of the  CEOs that you think are doing a good job (someone one can learn from if they were to follow) and who do you think you would send home if you could (to know what they are doing so as not to do the same).   Does not have to be a large company.  Thank you to everyone contributing to the post and discussion. I have a lot  of lessons to pick up from.,;,; 2023-04-25 21:23:54]
[My portfolio at 21 years old, any tips ?,;,; Total is 14k  Stocks % of portfolio:   Asml 4.7%  Msft 9,5% Bayer 9.1% Bepc 7.6% O 7.2% VanLanschotKempen 6.6% Googl 6.3% NN 6.2% Mpw 5.9%  Flowtraders 5.4% AlbertHeijn (ad) 4.8%  Etfs: Blackrock Ishares Nasdaq 5.3%  Vanguard s&amp;p 500 5.7% Vanguard EM 6.6% Blackrock ishares Stoxx 600 9.1%,;,; 2023-03-05 09:29:58]
[OpenAI researchers warned board of AI breakthrough ahead of CEO ouster,;,;   Ahead of OpenAI CEO Sam Altman’s four days in exile, several staff researchers sent the board of directors a letter warning of a powerful artificial intelligence discovery that they said could threaten humanity, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters.  The previously unreported letter and AI algorithm was a catalyst that caused the board to oust Altman, the poster child of generative AI, the two sources said. Before his triumphant return late Tuesday, more than 700 employees had threatened to quit and join backer Microsoft in solidarity with their fired leader. The sources cited the letter as one factor among a longer list of grievances by the board that led to Altman’s firing. Reuters was unable to review a copy of the letter. The researchers who wrote the letter did not immediately respond to requests for comment.  OpenAI declined to comment.  According to one of the sources, long-time executive Mira Murati mentioned the project, called Q*, to employees on Wednesday and said that a letter was sent to the board prior to this weekend’s events.  After the story was published, an OpenAI spokesperson said Murati told employees what the media reports were about but she did not comment on the accuracy of the information.  The maker of ChatGPT had made progress on Q* (pronounced Q-Star), which some internally believe could be a breakthrough in the startup’s search for superintelligence, also known as artificial general intelligence (AGI), one of the people told Reuters. OpenAI defines AGI as AI systems that are smarter than humans.  Given vast computing resources, the new model was able to solve certain mathematical problems, the person said on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on behalf of the company. Though only performing math on the level of grade-school students, acing such tests made researchers very optimistic about Q*’s future success, the source said. Reuters could not independently verify the capabilities of Q* claimed by the researchers.,;,; 2023-11-23 02:14:56]
[Is this going to be like the March 2020 peak?,;,; I have about $13K, &amp; have set up recurring daily investments of $20 each in 25 highly recommended growth stocks (For Example): NVDA, MSFT, SPY, Vanguard, Berkshire, AMZN, AAPL, META, QQQ, INTC, JPM, RTX, BYD, AMD, Google, HD, Costco, Visa.  I plan on withdrawing all of the money in 2024 to buy my first car for about $20K.  Is this a good strategy? Should I bump up the $20? Or is the: "soft landing" coming, &amp; I should wait until we're months into a downtrend to increase spending?  I'm trying to escape options trading.  I remember buying a lot in March 2020, then bag holding forever.  I'd love to hear any and all advice.,;,; 2023-07-21 06:16:22]
[Help with strategy: Swing Trading (Large Capital/Small profits),;,; Hello, I have been trading stocks and options for 3 years now and have built up my account to a modest size after incurring heavy losses buying calls and puts and just generally bad stock picks. I built my account up using a combined strategy of selling puts and swing trading MSFT, GOOG, and some other stable stocks.  My question is regarding using large capital (say $10000) to make small, quick daily profits (tune of $100-150; +1-1.5%) only using safe stocks like MSFT with good amount of swings. I keep some cash (20% of allocated amount) to double down. Is this viable? Risk is that I get some draw downs if there is a big sell-off (but I’ll still hold/double down since I am confident that MSFT is undervalued based on Morningstar reports, their earnings, etc.). Is it a good strategy if I am thinking I just need to cover daily costs (like eating out, for instance)? Is there something I am not seeing? If so, please let me know. I would appreciate any advice. Thanks in advance!,;,; 2023-04-25 22:33:00]
[Question about outstanding options contracts during an aquisition,;,; Hey, so you guessed it, this question pertains to the MSFT/ATVI acquisition. There is a sudden flurry of options trades going on, especially with recent news from the UK regulators.   I have $85 calls exp. Jan 2023, currently just ITM. MSFT has has offered $95/share to acquire. As I understand it, if the merger goes through, any remaining theta on contracts will essentially be worthless. Contracts will only have intrinsic value, as $95 will be the final share price.  But once (if) the merger is announced, and the share price jumps to $95, how difficult will it be to flip those contracts? Will I have to execute them myself? Will MSFT buy them outright at $10 per? Or would it be easier to just sell them now at a lesser gain?  My apologies if this is the wrong place to post this type of question!  Not looking for advice, per se. I'm more seeking some insight on the procedures during this type of event.  Cheers,;,; 2023-03-24 21:00:01]
[Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) $171 A good long term buy,;,; \#AMD’s MI300 chips will be its growth engine for the future and the key reason for buying this stock. While I don’t believe it will get close to Nvidia’s near monopolistic market share of 80% there is ample room for more competitors and AMD will benefit from the AI boom as well.   It recently upped its guidance for 2024 for artificial intelligence-related revenue to $3.5B up from $2B previously.  $AMD Chief Executive Dr. Lisa Su said she had "good confidence" the company will be able to exceed the $3.5B figure this year and the $1.5B run-rate for the coming fourth-quarter. $1.5Bn run rate implies $6Bn in annual sales.   However, based on Citi analyst estimates, AMD is likely to generate $5B this year and $8B next year from the MI300 - they believe that Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META) are the largest customers for the MI300, which was unveiled in December to much fanfare. And with the average selling price at roughly $10,000 for Microsoft and $15,000 or more for other customers, it's possible AMD is purposefully underestimating sales figures, possibly on supply concerns?   For Q4-2023 AMD results were in line with expectations   EPS: $0.77 per share, adjusted, versus $0.77 per share expected   Revenue: $6.17 billion, versus $6.12 billion expected   Data Center revenue $2.28Bn in line V $2.29 expected.   Guidance was light:   Q1-24 $5.4Bn in sales, plus or minus $300 million, V $5.73 Bn expected.   Flat data center revenue with server chip declines to be offset by AI GPU sales. We saw weak data center revenue from Intel, this is definitely some cannibalization and likely to continue, till AI GPU starts taking a larger share of the pie.   Client Group - The recovery in PC’s helped AMD’s client group, which rose 62% year-over-year to $1.46 billion in sales, which the company said was boosted by recent chip launches.   Gaming, which includes “semi-custom” processors for Microsoft Xbox and Sony Playstation consoles, fell 17%. AMD blamed slower console sales, and said it expected semi-custom revenue to decline by a “significant” double-digit percentage in the current quarter. This is a low margin business and drags AMD’s overall margins.   AMD’s embedded segment, which includes chips for networking, reported $1.1 billion in sales, down 24% on an annual basis.,;,; 2024-02-10 22:08:45]
[2024 Defense budget -&gt; AI budget,;,; Apparently the Biden AI restrictions on China are because the US military is behind China on AI weaponry    Monday, Biden is issuing an executive order directing the government to focus on AI, particularly in cybersecurity, defense and intelligence    Schumer said Thursday he is looking to appropriate $32 billion for AI in the budget (months away).    Won’t show up in earnings for a while, but the defense budget for AI should dwarf corporate budgets for AI  NVDA / AMD / Intel / PLTR / MSFT are the most obvious to benefit,;,; 2023-10-28 19:25:44]
[Insider sales in some tech tickers - April &amp; May 2023,;,; Most posts these days are about envy &amp; making bank overnight. Last time we had this level of greed it was mid 2021. So let's see who's been selling &amp; how much?  META CFO 11% META CTO 21% META President 40% AAPL CFO 40% AAPL CEO 2% DDOG CEO 43% DDOG CTO 46% MSFT EVP1 22% MSFT EVP2 21% AMZN CFO 25% NVDA Dir 18% GOOG various Dirs 2-15%  Not financial advice but stick to your investment strategy &amp; don't act on pure FOMO.,;,; 2023-06-02 02:49:51]
[SAG-AFTRA Gears Up For Possible Strike Against Video Game Industry,;,;   &gt;“Here we go again,” said SAG-AFTRA President Fran Drescher. “Now our Interactive Video Game Agreement is at a stalemate too. Once again we are facing employer greed and disrespect. Once again artificial intelligence is putting our members in jeopardy of reducing their opportunity to work. And once again, SAG-AFTRA is standing up to tyranny on behalf of its members.” “The overlap of these two SAG-AFTRA contracts,” she said, “is no coincidence, but rather a predictable issue impacting our industry as well as others all over the world. The disease of greed is spreading like wildfire ready to burn workers out of their livelihoods and humans out of their usefulness. We at SAG-AFTRA say ‘No. Not on our watch.’”  &gt; In addition to AI protections, SAG-AFTRA says it’s seeking “the same wage increases for video game performers as for those who work under the film and television contracts: 11% retroactive to expiration and 4% increases in the second and third years of the agreement — necessary for members’ wages to keep up with inflation.”  These are the 10 game companies along with some their tickers who would be impacted.  - Activision Productions Inc., (ATVI being acquired by MSFT) - Blindlight LLC, - Disney Character Voices Inc., (DIS) - Electronic Arts Productions Inc., (EA) - Epic Games, Inc., - Formosa Interactive LLC, - Insomniac Games Inc., (SONY) - Take 2 Productions Inc., (TTWO) - VoiceWorks Productions Inc., and - WB Games Inc. (WBD),;,; 2023-09-02 00:45:03]
[Suggestions on how to recover losses if I am not selling my winners,;,; I realized capital losses last year on many stocks, including PYPL, DIS and BABA and I might realized more losses by end of this year on ENPH, NIO and GM. On the other hand, I have unrealized gains on stocks I bought last year close to bottom, including AAPL, MSFT, GOOGL and AMD. I do not want to sell my winner because I believe in those stocks for long term. So I now have large realized capital losses with little capital gains. I cannot recover these losses if I do not sell my winners.  Should I create a separate small account for short term investment to buy and sell stocks to recover these losses? I know it might take years but I am ok with that.  Any suggestions?,;,; 2023-10-20 12:16:53]
[AAPL price dump after VR headset reveal,;,; The price movement was directly correlated with the VR headset announcement along with the demo of features.  * Yes, it looks like ski goggles. * The OS is called **Vision Pro** * The VR OS is similar to Microsoft's Mixed Reality with their Hololens product which came out 8 years ago...  One of the **selling features** is that your eyes are visible, but the headset will conceal your eyes when you're fully immersed in an app.. which may or may not be groundbreaking as it didn't perfectly reveal your eyes (perhaps because there wasn't enough lighting inside the goggles to show your eyes clearly, but I think this could be fixed w/ software or by adding LED lights on the inside edges), however:  * If you can keep your headset on while talking to people in the room compared to the competition, this feature alone would win out  Price tag is $3500, but again this is the dev conference, so the consumer version of this product will come later, although I can see how a lot of developers might want to buy this thing (also consider that Apple has the largest developer network) compared to competitor headsets which cost 7x less (META is coming out with a $500 VR headset).  Something to note, the stock dropped nearly 1.5% during all the free features (before the VR headset) that were going to be included to existing users, however that did coincide with the market indexes dropping as well.  Total drop from the peak was around 3.5% however the stock recovered nearly a percent, today's loss is only around 0.75% after falling from making another new 52w all time high.  Trading volume was 2x the normal average, so ending red is very significant.  META &amp; MSFT stayed relatively flat compared to AAPL.  Overall I think this was bad news for the stock in the short term; buy the rumor sell the news type event.  If the VR headset was truly revolutionary, stock price would have gone much higher, **so we have to wait &amp; see what Apple developers can do with this headset for consumers &amp; what Apple's actual consumer version of the headset will be.**  Than after 12 to 18 months when the killer apps come out, re-evaluate Apple's VR headset.  FYI I own AAPL stock,;,; 2023-06-05 20:27:12]
[Open AI's board had safety concerns. Big Tech obliterated them in 48 hours.,;,; Pretty amazing how quick Microsoft capitalized on the turmoil at OpenAI. Very curious as to how this shakes out. There's an article in the LA Times that does a pretty great job analyzing the situation.      2023-11-21 04:59:06]
[Are ETF values tied to the stocks they contain?,;,; So, I understand how stocks go up and down, someone buys and someone sells, the value of the company has no impact other than what people are willing to pay to be part owners.  What I don’t understand is how ETFs get their value. Is it the same thing, just buying and selling at a certain price or do the values of the companies within them matter. If you had an ETF that was 25% Apple, Tesla, MSFT, and Google, and Apple went up, would the ETF price automatically go up? trying to reconcile how sale price works while also understanding how something like VOO can track perfectly with the S&amp;P.,;,; 2023-10-04 18:36:40]
[Sell to avoid future tax burden?,;,; So I have been holding MSFT and AAPL for a long time in my brokerage account. This year I quit my job and am living abroad. Occurred to me that it might be a good idea to sell these stocks and buy them again to lock in the gains while I’m in a low income bracket and will not incur any capital gains tax. Is this a legitimate strategy or am I overthinking it and should just hold?,;,; 2023-09-05 19:32:33]
[Does anyone have reservations about selling their stocks?,;,; I have 2 accounts with Fidelity that this is regarding: an outright brokerage account and a cash management account. My brokerage account has mostly individual stocks with a few growth ETFs in it, and my CMA has "safer" value ETFs whose dividends reinvest and the rate is better than HYSA out there.       In total theres about $40k between both accounts. I'm looking to buy a new car within the year and the plan is to sell some stocks out of my brokerage account. The trouble is I feel like I'm screwing future me out of gains - future FOMO? Just a sample: I have Apple (up 61%), Amazon (up 38%), MSFT (up 196%) and IBM (up 59%). I don't do options because I don't understand them and choose not to gamble.       I know the point is to make money with stocks but I'm trying to be smart how I spend. These are not associated in anyway with my retirement which are completely separate.         Help me get over this hump.,;,; 2024-01-25 18:03:50]
[Under Radar tech companies that will dominate AI,;,; Every tech company is talking about AI nowadays. Which companies apart from MSFT, TSLA, NVDA, GOOG and ADBE are still under the radar and will dominate AI in next few years? Personally I think META and PLTR are some really strong contenders in this space.,;,; 2023-06-21 04:00:52]
[Big boy Earnings this week. Expectations and prev year earnings.,;,; AAPL Apr 28  Q2 $1.43(E) prev year $1.52  Edit AAPL May 4  AMZN Apr 27 Q1 $0.21 (E) prev year $-0.38  META  Apr 26 Q1 $2.03 (E) prev year $2.72  MSFT Apr 25 Q3 $$2.23 (E) prev year $2.22  GOOGL Apr 25 Q1 $1.07 (E) prev year $1.23  V Apr 25 Q2 $1.99 (E) prev year $1.79  Combined these total over 20% of the S&amp;P.,;,; 2023-04-25 02:52:37]
[Hedging against AI?,;,; I run a business in an industry that has already begun to be disrupted by AI. Today it's eating away at the lower skilled portion, but as AI continues to get better it will have an increasingly large negative impact on employment and value on the upper end.  I'm thinking about shifting a significant portion of my investment portfolio out of SPY/VTI and into MSFT and NVDA. My thought process is, as my industry loses value due to AI, the value of my AI investments should increase.  Anyone else thinking similar thoughts?  Edit: A lot of folks are suggesting maintaining my positions in ETFs. My problem with this approach is my industry is set to be disrupted over the next 1 - 3 years. A 30% gain in 3 years isn't enough to offset my income.,;,; 2024-01-17 20:58:11]
[Tesla or Nvidia or Microsoft over the next 1-3 years?,;,; I'm interested in what your guys thoughts are on these 3 companies trajectories in the near future.  Tesla is actively reducing the prices on their EVs while other automakers can barely make a profit with their higher prices. I think they are just so far ahead of the competition that they will increase their market share along with the entire EV market growing.  Nvidia is obviously the king of AI right now and probably for the foreseeable future. Their forward PE is 40 and not too high for a growth stock. I don't see any real competitors, maybe AMD, but that's a stretch.  Microsoft is in an interesting spot. They acquired OpenAI and incorporated that in Bing. I'm not sure what direction they're trying to go with that. I'm not convinced they can take any meaningful market share from Google. I think Cloud and Gaming is where they will see huge growth in the near term.  If I were to pick one I would choose Tesla.,;,; 2023-09-26 18:22:31]
[19 and Need Advice!,;,; So I'm currently 19 and trying to build my long term investment portfolio. I put roughly 40$ in 13 different stocks which equals 520$ a month into each stock. I'm here to ask if this is a good strategy or if i should make my list shorter to get a little more concentrated. This is the list I have made and I invest on the 15th of every month. I also am investing in my ROTH IRA and am going 80% VTI and 20% VXUS.  1. SPY 2. ARKK 3. TSLA 4. AAPL 5. META 6. MSFT 7. GOOG 8. NVDA 9. AMZN 10. AMD 11. COST 12. KO 13. VZ  Will Upvote!!!  Thank you guys!,;,; 2023-03-29 19:16:34]
[Best growth oriented mid and small cap stocks?,;,; Anyone have thoughts on Olin, Zscaler or Welltower? Looking to reallocate about 20% of my portfolio that is currently invested in APPL. Would also love to hear any picks for small or mid cap companies with really good growth potential as the bulk of my portfolio is pretty balanced. The assets I have in Apple are earmarked for a more risky, higher growth allocation. Since i'm sure people would think i'm crazy to sell APPL, I have a rule not to invest in any companies working on or involved in accelerating the push for generative AI(MSFT, GOOG, META, NVDA). And yes it sucks watching those stocks skyrocket. Luckily I get my entertainment from watching my long term TSLA position and recent RIVN shares fluctuate wildly.   This is a crosspost, sorry if i annoyed anybody.,;,; 2023-07-21 05:54:06]
[Portfolio advice,;,; What do you think of my portfolio going into early next year-through the first rate cut (if it happens in 24’). I want to take advantage of some companies that I think will do really well while still keeping my risk profile relatively low.   Portfolio holdings  Voo- 18%  Tesla-3.5% SCHD-40% NCLH-27.5% (long play)  Msft-3.3% Apple-3.3% Jpm-3.3%  I plan on increasing the amount of SCHD and VOO to make up the majority of the portfolio through the next month, and then start adding into the growth stock a little bit,;,; 2023-12-18 15:45:26]
[Unsure if I should swing trade or invest for long term,;,; Aside from my active checking out for bills and such and my regular 401k from work, I have 10k in my E*trade account. I just sold TSLA for only $145 in gains and feel silly about it because that’s pocket change. I should have held.   I have 16 shares of MSFT valued at around 5k that I’m planning to hold for at least a couple years.   The rest of my 10k is split between C3AI, ULTA, VTI, APPLE.   My goal is to have a good sum of money for a future down payment on a home. My partner and have a separate savings for that but this is in addition to that…,;,; 2023-09-13 00:14:09]
[I started investing in March 2019 and every year I'm in the red. What would you do?,;,; A couple days ago there was a post about your biggest wins. Some users turned 45k into 1.1m or how they invested in amc and made retirement level money.   [ is how my portfolio looks like vs sp500 since March 2019)  * 2019: +18% * 2020: -6% * 2021: -7.5% * 2022: -6.2% * 2023: -15% Ytd (mostly etf, energy and tech)   I started investing in individual stocks and etfs with the strategy of "taking profits if it looks too good and selling off if I lose more than 50%"  My major trades:  - sold 50 tsla with 200% in 2020. It looked too good to be true especially when the whole economy was contracting due to covid. Luxury tech cars would be the first to go. If I had waited 2 years it would be +2000%.  - bought 2x inversed sp500 in January 2020 but forgot that 15% unemployement and all the shops closed is  like nothing for US economy. A milion deaths here and there doesn't change anything.  - bought 100 GME in 2019 and sold them for a loss just before the short squeeze because the stock has been on a downfall ever since. I hoped for a pivot of the whole strategy of gamestop for more than a year and finally sold not seeing any upward movement. Instead of +3800% got -27% - BYND -92%. I broke my rule here because I was on holidays when it dropped.  - Sold CDR before Cyberpunk release and got +120% because I knew it will be reciebed badly by critics but then bought back "at sale" shortly after the fall and sold at a loss seeing how it trends down.  - sold 100 NVDA in 2020 with +60%. Now it would be  +1000%  My overall realized gains is  -$8,000 and ytd is -15%  There is no hope at all for me. I tried to understand the stock market and can't. Since 2020 there is no logic. Penny stocks are doing +1000%, strong companies that have positive cash flows and very low liabilities are just cruising or going down. Bad companies not bringing any profits are exploding because they are being memes.  And I dont know what to do because it looks like the stock market will be flat for the next couple of years and interest rates for real estate are so humongous I don't qualify. I thought the stock market is the way to park money but this + inflation = I'm losing money left and right.  Edit: major stocks that I still hold since 2019. Enph, sedg, dis, msft, AMD, wm, mmm, aapl, atvi.  Edit2: thanks for all the hate!,;,; 2023-09-19 14:43:10]
[DIS, O &amp; VZ saved my year!,;,; Ended up making just under 6% dividend on my portfolio and around 9% growth for 2023. Cashed out on most of the risky ones.   I tanked on T and lost about 7% of my portfolio but was able to sell that and buy DIS @ $84 a share. Was also able to buy VZ @ $33 a share and O @ $50 a share. Other notable was my MSFT (only 5 shares) did well in 2023 at over 20% growth. Also made nice dividend and growth on RITM. Over 13% growth plus the dividends.   Thank you reddit for all your doom and gloom! Typically the more reddit hates a stock the more I buy it short term.,;,; 2023-11-20 23:04:31]
[Google vs. Microsoft,;,; Hey guys,  I'm planning to reduce the percentage of individual stocks holdings in my portfolio once the time is right as my exposure to them is bigger than I'd like (beginner's mistakes plus Bogle influence). Currently it's about 32% and I'd like to get it to 20% tops. I pinpointed the ones that'll go and the situation is that eventually one stock from the pair GOOG and MSFT will have to go as well.   The final decision will be made by me of course, just would like to know opinions of others about this, if you had to pick, which one of these companies would you keep? And why? Pros and cons in your opnion? Let me know your thoughts, will be thankful!  Edit: I will not take anyone's opinion as an (financial) advice, suggestion or anything in that sense. It's just pure discussion.,;,; 2023-03-10 08:29:49]
[I want to diversify out of cash,;,; I hold about 5k in MSFT and APPL, mostly Microsoft. The mass majority of my money is in cash. I’m turning 25 and I’m trying to learn more about the market.  I’m going to buy more Apple because I believe in the company long term. I’m afraid of the Nvidia AI bubble, Google is already up like 40% this year… I almost threw a bunch of cash into meta but I missed that train. Outside of tech I’ve been looking at the Disney dumpster fire considering maybe I should invest now because I don’t think they are going anywhere.  I know this sub is for more knowledgeable people but I’m really not that stock savvy. Sad to say most of my cash came from investing in the crypto ripple @ 3 cents and selling near 3 dollars.  Not asking what to do, but interested in other peoples long term plays. Not looking to get rich overnight, just want to get out of a mostly cash portfolio.  Curious what others are thinking during this pump upwards. Thanks!,;,; 2023-07-18 23:00:18]
[Is there a hardware technology index fund to buy?,;,; hello guys  wondering if you could help me find some etf/ index funds etc for hardware technology companies.  stuff that covers companies like intel amd tsml, but not software like google msft Netflix or tesla as they are overweighted imo etc.  thanks,;,; 2023-05-04 11:58:34]
[Does it make sense for me to sell risky stocks for loss now and reinvest into something with less risk?,;,; I entered the workforce in 2020 and likewise, got into investing at a time where everything was green. As a result, I’m now in a place where current and future investments will be going into much safer stocks and ETFs (VOO, VTI, MSFT, etc). However I am still holding a fair portion of risky and volatile stocks I’ve since learned I hate holding (PLUG, PLTR, SQ, ARK ETFs, etc).  In my head, it makes sense for me to sell these stocks, even for a loss, and move that cash back into stocks I feel more comfortable holding, can provide steady gains, and that I know I’ll come out on the other side of alive eventually. Is this the right move to make?,;,; 2023-04-13 14:13:27]
[Activision: Proving doubters wrong,;,; Posted this a month ago as a reply to a fellow redditor asking about the ATVI deal.  *But here are some points. You can easily find out more info online as it’s widely available data and info.*  * *upside case obviously is a 24ish % at current prices, and best part is you get it all back in cold hard cash, not MSFT shares. That is big upside considering the market environment and recessionary fears impacting sentiment this year* * *downside case is a failure of the deal to go through, but then MSFT has to pay ATVI a breakup fee of 2-3bn in cash, which ATVI can use to buyback shares or conduct a special dividend.*  *Of course most people would be concerned w the question: how far will ATVI fall if the deal falls through?*  * *assuming that ATVI would return to trading at the multiples of its closest peers (Nintendo, Sony, EA, take two), a reasonable estimate would be \~$65-69 range EXCLUDING the impact of the break up fee, which is just about its price range before the acquisition announcement.* * *if (AND A BIG IF) you include the cash breakup fee and assume that ATVI decides to return part of that to shareholders, one could see an additional $0.50 to $2 per share added on top of the range above.* * *So actually the downside doesn’t seem all too bad, at around \~15% (assuming it really does fall to $65). This puts risk-reward ratio at 1.6 (24%/15%), which ain’t too bad at all. Morgan Stanley has also done it’s own downside analysis as well and predicted a price floor of $65 as well, and currently rates it a buy.* * *to top it off it’s a fundamentally strong company as well, with game IPs and brands that are globally recognised and successful. It generates good cash flow and still has decent growth runway at least for the next 5 years, given that the gaming industry is still considered “mid to high growth”. Active user base continues to grow in the single digits and even the pandemic did not slow the business down as much as others.* * *It’s latest call of duty release was it’s most successful ever as the company continues to be able to execute strongly on how to capture more gamers yet retain its existing one and monetise them well. It has a proven track record of developing, marketing and maintaining triple AAA titles. Balance sheet is healthy and there really aren’t much complaints with its fundamentals other than some controversies here and there.* * *there are really only 3 regulators the deal needs to clear, FTC, EU and UK CMA. All 3 are seemingly on the side of not letting this pass. FTC has alr filed a lawsuit against ATVI, while both EU and UK CMA have raised concerns and papers of their own. Perhaps they are all playing the waiting game - if one regulator opposes it as the first mover, its much easier to “rationalize” opposing it as well, but the question is who would want to be that first mover? On the flip side, If one regulator approves it first, the chances of the deal going through would jump significantly as the others might just follow suit. Perhaps if you don’t like the uncertainty now, you could wait for some positive news (like a first major approval) and sacrifice some upside potential for more certainty. Prices could easily jump up to 83-86 by then.*  *Personally I hold q a significant amount of ATVI (\~12% of my pf), because I hold conviction that MSFT has the right people in place to recognise how impt this deal is to them and to negotiate a concession agreement that makes everyone happy. MSFT has never failed an acquisition in its entire history and it lends some confidence that it has the right people, strategy and relationships in place to see this out. It’s unlikely the deal will settle so soon, a more realistic timeline would be Q3 or even early Q4 due to complexity and size of this deal and the amount of stakeholders involved.*  *Interestingly enough, as the price has been so flat since the announcement of the acquisition I had the extra benefit of this position buffering my portfolio from some of the market downside (reducing volatility) and actually I somehow (luckily) outperformed many indexes last year. The price action is lowly correlated to the market at this point but rather to developments on the deal.*  *People saying that “this deal is too big to fail” know nothing, don’t listen to them. Any deal, no matter the size, can fail still, so do still manage how risk adverse you are.*  &amp;#x200B;  Last week the UK regulator basically made a u turn on its provisional findings:  *After reviewing what it called “new evidence”, the Competition and Markets Authority said on Friday that it no longer thought there would be a “substantial lessening of competition” in the console market if the Xbox maker takes over the publisher of the bestselling game franchise.*  Price gapped up to \~$84 as of Friday close, and now the spread to deal price is about 12%. Although the risk reward may not seem as favorable as it once was when it was hovering around the 75-77 range the past 6-months, I still think there is opportunity present for those looking for a short term tactical trade idea (3-6 months)  * Just like in the EU regulator, the focus for UK is now exclusively on cloud gaming and anti competitive effects; which is a major win for the deal * MSFT has boosted its efforts in soothing regulators nerves within cloud on top of consoles - most recently 2 10 year deals with boosteroid and ubitus (cloud gaming providers) on top of mega partnerships with Nvidia and nintendo * As of now, 4 jurisdictions have cleared the deal (Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Serbia, Chile) * The tone of the narrative in the markets surrounding this deal has clearly shifted - it has changed from criticism of the anti competitiveness of the deal towards a finding solution set that makes all parties happy * The next 2 months will be especially closely watched -  Decision dateline for CMA end april, decision dateline NZ end april, decision dateline for EU end may, FTC expert reports start may. * Citi has upgraded its probability of the deal closing from 50% to 70% last Friday * MSFT has won dismissal of a private consumer antitrust lawsuit (first sued in late december 22) * It now looks likely that EU and UK will both clear the deal - Though uncertain, a continued push by the US FTC to challenge the deal becomes increasingly complex in the face of its 2 peers, a wise move would be to align itself with the EC and CMA in recognizing that there is no console related anti competitive effects. When that happens, we all know where the deal is finally heading towards.  *As always, past performance is not indicative of future performance. This is not financial advice, do your own due diligence and risk-manage accordingly.*,;,; 2023-03-27 03:03:07]
[Requesting advice: should I sell all my single stocks due to the overlap? Please,;,; Requesting advice: should I sell all my single stocks due to the overlap? Please  Below are my holdings: started in 2020 as a newb and still consider myself a newb. I just add to these when I can. I know there is some overlap so I’ve been considering just selling everything, throwing everything into FSKAX and SCHD. Thoughts?  1. Fidelity total market (FSKAX)  2: SCHD  3. KO 4. MSFT 5. T 6. VZ 7. AAPL,;,; 2023-07-18 17:28:57]
[Microsoft Q3 Earnings - Room for improvement,;,; Microsoft surpassed everyone’s expectations with their latest Q3’23 earnings, by beating estimates on their top line revenue and bottom-line net income. Although their growth rates for azured has slowed to 27% from 31%, the growth rate was still better than expectation. Nevertheless, the CEO Satya Nadella has whetted investors’ appetite during the earnings call by announcing the phase of growth for azure, which is Azure OpenAI. With the success of ChatGPT around the world, businesses are excited on the introduction of the Azure OpenAI, which would lead to further revenue growth for Microsoft.  AI-Integration of their product offerings has kept the growth story strong for Microsoft. Prior to their quarterly earnings release, shareholders were worried that Microsoft’s growth would come to a halt, and that this would sink the share price given that they are still currently priced to grow at double digits for years to come. Through this quarter earnings, Microsoft has proved that they are able to integrated AI to their current product offering successfully.  While Microsoft has produced a stellar quarter, there is still some room for improvement due to the share buybacks and dividend increase not keeping up with their growth. While it is debatable that they are increasing their R&amp;D spend for AI, Microsoft has been generating lots of free cash flow, and they can look into providing shareholder value through higher share buybacks or increasing their dividends.  [ 2023-05-02 14:04:36]
[What would you buy for a short-term medium risk profit expectation right now? Would you sell your most disappointing stock to buy that?,;,; I started investing a couple of months ago and a little confused at the current situation. I am in no position to add cash this month to my portfolio so I am thinking changing one of my stocks to another or to an ETF.  I have ABBV at a -15% loss and the expectations seem to be more struggle for a year or two in the future. I am thinking of selling ABBV to buy another stock. For motivational purposes, a short-term medium-risk profit buy would be best for me.  What would you recommend me to buy in that case? Or selling ABBV at a loss right now is not a good move even for the short-term goals?  Thanks in advance...  EDIT: I decided to just wait for the earnings report at least for ABBV and if I sell, buy some VOO or AVUV. Would not touch tech stocks right now, but would not sell my MSFT either. Thanks.,;,; 2023-07-19 13:28:15]
[What are 'safe' high returning stocks to invest in?,;,; For example, over the last 10 years - as far as index funds for annual returns:  QQQ has returned 15.5% IVV has returned 9.9% VOO has returned 9.8% S&amp;P 500 has returned 9.6% VTI has returned 9.6%  And for individual stocks annual returns: PANW has returned 30% AAPL has returned 27% MSFT has returned 25%  I know the stocks aren't guaranteed to keep up this pace, but I feel like as they are over fairly consistent over the last 10 years, they're "safer" than others.   Just was curious what other stocks might make sense for my portfolio that are higher returning and relatively safe whether individual stocks, or index funds. And or more "up to date" - meaning they're still relevant or will be in the future. Or have historically done well and are expected to continue to for awhile, if that makes sense.   Thanks in advance!,;,; 2023-07-11 17:35:20]
[What are some upcoming events you’re looking forward to?,;,; Curious if anyone has any events/potential catalysts for a stock/s that they’re looking forward to. I suppose something more than just a standard ER, unless it’s cause for some good +/- movement. Maybe closing a deal, medical trials ect.  I’m looking forward to a launch June 14 from RKLB. Also seeing if ZEV has increasing production for their vehicles. Anyone looking at the MSFT ATVI deal? Just got another court appeal in case you missed it. Could use some good pharma info, too.   Thanks for the discussion.,;,; 2023-07-13 01:11:54]
[Take-Two Interactive (TTWO) has tremendous risks. And why GTA 6 is an even bigger deal than you think,;,; TTWO jumped on news of GTA 6 release, and it may seem obvious, but let's figure out why this matters to analysts so much.  Founded in 1993, Take-Two consists of three wholly owned labels, Rockstar Games, 2K, and Zynga. The firm is one of the world's largest independent video game publishers on consoles, PCs, smartphones, and tablets. Take-Two's franchise portfolio is headlined by "Grand Theft Auto" (345 million units sold) and contains other well-known titles such as "NBA 2K," "Civilization," "Borderlands," "Bioshock," and "Xcom." Zynga mobile titles include "Farmville," "Empires &amp; Puzzles," and "CSR Racing."  They have had a checkered EPS history, with low and wildly varying EPS from year to year.  Year         EPS  2023 (TTM)	-$7.29  2022	-$2.25  2021	$4.56  2020	$4.31  2019	$2.98  2018	$3.24  2017	$1.73  2016	$0.17  2015	-$3.68  2014	-$0.90  2013	$4.01 (GTA V Release)  **Sony Acquisition**  Let's make one thing clear - an acquisition by Sony is clearly their only way to return capital to their shareholders.  They have been courted by Sony in the past, and more recently under dubious circumstances it was "leaked" that they were going to be acquired by Sony for an estimated $20 billion. This has proven to be false, per Sony. However, Sony is the ONLY possible acquirer of a company like TTWO, and so let's figure out how a sale to Sony could occur.  The most recent sale of Activision to Microsoft gives us the most recent multiple for a potential sale to Sony. Activision sold with a sale price of $68.7 billion, with a TTM revenue of $7.528 billion. This gives us a revenue multiple of \~9.12x.  Bungie was acquired by Sony in 2022 for $3.6 billion, with revenue of only $200 million, implying a multiple of 18x. This comes with a heavy asterisk of analysts saying that they vastly overpaid, which is true by our other examples below.  Zynga was also bought by TTWO for $9.5 billion on $2.8 billion of revenue, giving us a multiple of 3.4x.  Epic Games' June 2020 financing valued it at $17 billion based on an estimated $5 billion in revenue, which is also a 3.4x revenue multiple.  Electronic Arts trades at approx a 4.5x revenue.  Playdemic was acquired by EA for $1.4 billion, with revenue of $211 million in revenue, giving us a multiple of 6.6x.  If we were to assume that TTWO sells to Sony based on their TTM revenue of $5.35 billion with a floor multiple of 3.40x and a high multiple of 9.12x, this gives us potential sales prices of between $18.2 billion and $48.8 billion, quite a range but plenty of more room on the upside. Compare this with their current $22.8 billion market cap.  However, there are a few things wrong with this assumption, namely GTA 6 and Sony itself.  Firstly, the multiples we established were based on TTWO's TTM revenue, which doesn't take into account a massive title release like GTA6 that would not be captured in their revenue. In fairness, neither does any of the other mulitples we used. However, I would ask you about Epic Games, Zynga, EA, Bungie, and even Activision... did they have any titles coming out (before their sale) that are as hotly anticipated as GTA6? The answer is no, and so I think it is fair to not give as much weight to the floor as we should to our ceiling price.  Secondly, and most importantly, a potential sale can only occur if Sony has the resources to fund it. And my fat conclusion is **no. They cannot buy it.** Firstly, while the MSFT acquisition of Activision has opened up the acquisition from the regulatory side, Sony simply does not have the funds or the ability to acquire it. They only have a cash balance $14 billion.  And if you don't believe me, their CFO stated their company has only around $5 billion left to spend for acquisitions, which means they are most likely in the hunt focusing on smaller studios. They don't have the warchest of MSFT.  What this means for TTWO is that they have no possible exit unless Sony's cash pile swells to a significant degree, because there are simply no other possible acquirers. And importantly, TTWO **simply does not generate significant free cash flow to their shareholders.**  TTWO has to rely on cash flow generated from operations because they will not have a reasonable exit in the next 5-10 years. This means GTA6 and their other upcoming titles have to do a lot of work to bide them time for a Sony acquisition. No one thinks GTA6 is going to flop, but this industry has been mired in flops the last few years from major studios.  Don't take it from me, take it from their 10-K:  "Grand Theft Auto and certain of our other titles, such as Red Dead Redemption or NBA 2K, are "hit" products and have historically accounted for a substantial portion of our revenue. Grand Theft Auto products contributed 14.6% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and the five best-selling franchises (including Grand Theft Auto), which may change year over year, in the aggregate accounted for 52.9% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. If we fail to continue to develop and sell new commercially successful "hit" titles or sequels to such "hit" titles or experience any delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our "hit" titles or their sequels, our revenue and profits may decrease substantially, and we may incur losses."  **Conclusion:**  GTA 6 is even a bigger deal than you think. If this flops, they don't make money. TTWO right now is a bet on GTA 6, full stop because they have no alternative but to continue independently, with no prospect of any suitors. They have to continue to deliver on big titles every single year.  Their historical EPS doesn't suggest a market cap of anywhere near $24 billion, even taking into account post GTA 5 years. There is tremendous risk at these prices in this company, it assumes they will never produce a flop.  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-11-08 18:17:27]
[What Acquisitions and Mergers are waiting for regulatory approval for the stock to pop?,;,; I jumped ship on Microsoft’s Acquisition of Activision with a small bump. MSFT offered 95/share, but has headwinds enough I decided the risk of the FTC blocking it was too much. It’s an interesting style of play to me.   Are there any other similar, all-cash deals going on where regulatory pressure is holding back the stock price?,;,; 2023-06-30 21:51:00]
[Market trading at high valuations given rates, economy slowing expectations,;,; I don't want to dive super deep. Right now my portfolio has swapped a few times from short term bonds to stocks and to long term bonds. I bought short term bonds in July and moved to longterm when I saw it hit 5% on longer term yields, then the market dropped along with yields and I swapped to stocks thinking I could average down. The market (QQQ) snapped back up at 375 and I swapped back to short term bonds.  I was looking to move to stocks at some point but the valuations remind me a lot of 2021 where large cap tech lead to oversaturation.   I guess my main question is given my portfolio which is 100% bonds at the moment and up 24.7% for the year, should I just go fully stock or should I stick with my fundamentals and believe that the market isn't priced right (especially large cap tech stocks like NVDA, TSLA, GOOGL, MSFT) and wait for rates to fall (and I expect a slowing US economy)?  Also I would like to hear everyone's thoughts on the value of the us economy, rates and large cap market dominance and whether this is a bull run or just long term stagflation?,;,; 2023-11-20 06:05:52]
[Abbvie buying Immunogen. Still 10% away from buy price,;,; Abbvie has agreed to buy Immunogen at à price of $31.26 per share. Right now as of close the share price fromc IMGN is sitting at 29.29, a full $2/share off of the deal price. I think after all the failure from FTC trying to block the MSFT ATVI merger, they're not going to take a risk and try to block a merger unless it's very, very sure that they're going to be successful.    They're buying ImmunoGen to get their hands on a promising cancer treatment called Elahere. Elahere belongs to a new class of treatments called antibody-drug conjugates (ADC) that precisely targets cancer cells, potentially reducing toxicity for other cells.    Lina Khan NEEDS her next case to be a win.      The merger will close mid June 2024.      Guggenheim, BMO Capital, Deutsche Bank, Jeffries alll took a good look at this deal and raised their price target to $31. That alone shows me that they think this deal is solid and will go through.      This is how I'll play it. I'll be closely looking at IMGN's price and buying shares by small 3k-5k chunks if it somehow dips.,;,; 2023-12-01 21:23:12]
[Microsoft earnings are out – here are the numbers,;,; Microsoft reported earnings after the bell. Here are the results.  Here are the key numbers to follow:  Earnings: $2.69 a share. That may not compare with the $2.55 cents per share expected by Refinitiv.  Revenue:  $56.19 billion. That may not compare with the $55.47 billion expected by Refinitiv.  Based on analysts’ projections, Microsoft will close fiscal 2023 with revenue growth below 10% for the first time since 2017. Growth for the latest quarter is expected to come in at around 7%. Businesses have been delaying cloud and software deployments since last year due to economic uncertainty and the potential for higher interest rates.  Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella told employees in May that the company won’t lift salaries this year.  Analysts polled by CNBC and by StreetAccount expect Microsoft to report about 25% year-over-year growth in revenue from the Azure public cloud, which competes with Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. Microsoft doesn’t report Azure revenue in dollars. The projected growth rate is similar to what analysts expect from Google’s cloud division. Parent company Alphabet also reports results after the bell on Tuesday.  During the quarter, Microsoft built on its broad alliance with OpenAI to capitalize on fresh interest in artificial intelligence, following the November launch of the startup’s ChatGPT chatbot. Microsoft introduced a chatbot powered partly by OpenAI language models to help workers make sense of their employers’ data, and it told developers they’ll be able to build plugins that people can access through ChatGPT, the Bing search engine’s chatbot, and other tools.  Investors are eager for resolution in Microsoft’s arrangement to buy Activision Blizzard for almost $69 billion, which was agreed upon in January 2022. Earlier this month, an appeals court denied the Federal Trade Commission’s motion to stop the transaction. Activision shares have climbed past $92.50, close to the $95 that Microsoft agreed to pay, reflecting optimism that the deal is on track to close.  Microsoft shares have gained 44% year to date, while the S&amp;P 500 is up 19%.  In June, Microsoft said it expected to take a $425 million charge in the quarter to pay a fine from Ireland’s Data Protection Commission after the authority looked at whether the company’s LinkedIn unit violated the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation.  Executives will discuss the quarterly results with analysts and issue guidance on a conference call starting at 5:30 p.m. ET.  Source:  2023-07-25 20:08:06]
[Portfolio construction strategy question,;,; My portfolio is aggressive and heavily loaded with the megacap tech.  Meta, TSLA, MSFT, and APPL all are bigger than 5% positions.  Each position is stock.  I am thinking about reducing my stock positions in each, moving most of that money more cyclicals or interesting funds (COWS, RSP, XLE) and replace part of the position with in the money calls.  Example, I am holding $60k in META stock and $6k in META $300 calls.  I am trying to keep that ratio in my bigger names.  Thoughts on this?  Any other strategies that you might use?,;,; 2023-07-12 21:41:34]
[Taiwan Semi (TSMC) will be 'back to strong growth in 2024' - JPMorgan (holding small position),;,; Missing explosive Nvidia growth in 2023 my small play in AI has become TSMC (next to MSFT). This is the company that actually makes Nvidia's chips (and Alphabet's, and Apple's and many others). I had my eyes on ASML too, but it seems too expensive especially in the light of recent China export restrictions.  JPMorgan released a note today covering Taiwan Semi (TSMC), saying it expects will be back to strong growth in 2024, while the Intel competition concerns seem overstated;  *Analysts, who have a Buy rating on the stock, raised the TSMC price target to NT$750 from NT$700.The investment bank expects TSMC to bounce back to \~20% revenue growth in 2024, led by inventory restocking, strong AI demand, and the rapid expansion in N3."Looking ahead, we believe N3 is likely to drive strong growth into 2025, while early progress on N2 looks promising, despite market concerns about competition," wrote the analysts.While Intel competition has been weighing down the stock, JPMorgan's analysis indicates Intel outsourcing to TSMC is likely to outweigh any market share Intel Foundry takes away from TSMC in the next three to four years."In the near-term, we expect TSMC to guide for 1Q24 revs to decline only 3-4% QoQ and indicate a healthy demand recovery at 2024 in its upcoming earnings conference, although GMs may remain under pressure due to higher depreciation costs, N3 dilution, and strong TWD," added the analysts.*  Link:  2024-01-04 15:14:36]
[Nasdaq 100 Plans Special Rebalance To Curb Dominance Of 'Magnificent Seven' (apple, meta, google, Microsoft, Tesla..),;,; From     The Nasdaq 100 index is set to adjust the weighting of its 100 components, with the "magnificent seven" stocks Microsoft (MSFT), Apple, Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA), Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL), Meta Platforms (META) and Amazon.com (AMZN) currently accounting for more than half the index's weight.  The magnificent seven stocks largely fell Monday.  The Nasdaq 100 special rebalance will take place before the market open on Monday, July 24, to "address overconcentration in the index by redistributing the weights."  The weighting changes will be announced on Friday, July 14. No stocks will be added or removed.  The Nasdaq 100 includes the 100 largest non-financial Nasdaq components.   How Is the Nasdaq 100 Weighted? The Nasdaq 100 index is a modified market-capitalization index. Market valuation is the largest factor, but with methodology to limit overconcentration.  The seven-largest companies in the Nasdaq 100 account for 55% of the index. It seems likely that this combined weighting will be reduced. It's also likely that there may be notable weighting shifts within these seven giants.  The current weights show that market capitalization is the dominant factor, but it's not the only one.  Microsoft stock has the largest weight, at 12.9%, as of July 7. Apple stock has a 12.5% weight, despite having a $2.999 trillion market cap vs. Microsoft's $2.51 trillion.  Google stock has a 7.4% weighting with the GOOGL and GOOG share classes combined.  Nvidia stock has vaulted to a 7% Nasdaq 100 weighting, thanks to its $1.05 trillion market cap. That's a slightly larger weight than Amazon stock (6.9%), even though the latter has a significantly higher valuation at $1.33 trillion.  Tesla stock and Meta Platforms round out the top-seven members, with weights of 4.5% and 4.3%, respectively.  Just for reference, for the entire Nasdaq composite, Apple stock had an 11.4% weighting as of July 7 while Microsoft was at 9.5%. GOOGL stock is at 5.8% while Amazon and Nvidia are at 5.1% and 4%, respectively. TSLA stock has 3.3% share and META stock is at 2.8%.  How Much Will Nasdaq 100 Megacaps Be Cut? Based on Nasdaq 100 methodology, the combined weight of the five companies with the largest market caps will be set to 38.5%. The five-largest companies, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Amazon and Nvidia had a combined weight of 46.7%. That suggests some notable reduced weightings for these names.  Meanwhile, no component outside the top-five market cap companies can have a Nasdaq 100 exceeding the lesser of 4.4% or the weight of the stock with the fifth-largest market valuation. That points to at least a slight decline in TSLA stock's weight.  The official reweightings should be released on Friday, perhaps after the close. That will also include stocks that will see increased weightings.  Magnificent Seven Soar In 2023 The Invesco QQQ ETF (QQQ), which tracks the big-cap Nasdaq index, was up 37.5% in 2023 through July 7. The First Trust Nasdaq 100 Equal Weighted Index ETF (QQEW), which gives an equal weight to all 100 stocks, is up just 18.8%.  This largely reflects massive moves by megacaps this year. NVDA stock has nearly tripled (191%). META stock has soared 141% while TSLA stock is up 123%. AMZN stock has leapt 54.5%. AAPL stock has run up 47% and MSFT stock nearly 41%. Google stock is up a still-robust 35%.  There is some concern that this handful of names is distorting the health of the overall stock market, which is likely what's spurring the special rebalancing.  Will Nasdaq 100 Special Rebalance Affect Stock Prices? The Nasdaq 100 special rebalance will spur stock allocation shifts among ETFs such as QQQ and mutual funds that track the index. So there could be some one-off gains or losses, perhaps as the planned changes are announced on July 14.  However, the impacts may be modest. For one, the big-cap Nasdaq index is going to adjust weightings, vs. a full addition or deletion. Also, far more money tracks the S&amp;P 500, which is why S&amp;P 500 component changes get a lot more attention than Nasdaq 100 moves.  The S&amp;P 500 index, unlike the Nasdaq 100, is a pure market-cap weighted index.  Most of the "magnificent 7" stocks retreated Monday. Nvidia stock fell just 0.8%, while Apple slipped 1.1%. more than 1% intraday. Microsoft stock retreated 1.6%, TSLA 1.8% and Amazon 2%. GOOGL stock sank 2.5%.  The one exception: META stock climbed 1.2%, as Meta's new Threads app topped 100 million sign-ups in less than a week.  Megacaps weighed on the Nasdaq 100, which fell intraday before eked out a gain. The equal-weight QQEW jumped 1.8%.,;,; 2023-07-10 20:25:37]
[How to best allocate final 15% of my porfolio?,;,; Hi there!   &amp;#x200B;  I will try to keep this brief, but would really love to have some conversations with others about my allocation because I keep thinking myself in circles.  &amp;#x200B;  Currently my portfolio is:      * Spy/Voo: 47%  * VXUS: 15%  * Target Date - 2055: 7% * SCHD:  5% * QQQ:  1% * Individual Stocks:  23% (3% Appl, 3% MSFT, 3% CRM, 3% ABBV, 2% Cost, 2% UNH, 2% JPM, 2% BRK.B, 2% WMT)  &amp;#x200B;  I have been targeting a portfolio that will have roughly:   * SPY: 40% * Target Date: 30%  * VXUS: 10% * ???: 15%  * Individual Stocks: 5%  &amp;#x200B;  (Context, the VXUS will go down as my 401k invests into target date fund which is already 1/3 VXUS but I will use my personal brokerage to help rebalance as needed)  &amp;#x200B;  I have held most of the individual stocks for quite a few years, its how I got started investing. They have all done well, luckily to some degree and some due to not touching for a few years.   I have gone back and forth researching, and thinking myself in circles. I have considered just selling my positions in Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, etc and buying QQQ to keep a large cap growth tilt but worry it is just chasing performance.   I have considered heavily SCHD and AVUV; SCHD for the drip effect in my roth to let it accumulate tax free but just havent found a reason to have conviction given my timeline is 20-30 years. AVUV in theory sounds good, the short track record and the ability to stomach downturns of SCV at 10-15% of my portfolio is possible but there isnt a ton of data to back up the fund.   &amp;#x200B;  I would love others thoughts and opinions on this, I have been in a mental pretzel for weeks thinking about this.,;,; 2023-04-25 01:09:15]
[Nvdia #NVDA is expensive but still has an excellent future and should be bought on dips.,;,; • Nvidia #NVDA an expensive P/S ratio, but a reasonable P/E given its excellent profit margins.  • Generational AI growth is definitely not a panacea, but has started to gain traction as use cases expand beyond ChatGPT.  • Besides, higher performance computing is becoming a must have.  • Its Auto segment is doing extremely well, gaming rebounding, and data center still growing.  • Nvidia's new product innovation and exceptional R&amp;D spend allow it to keep its pole position.  I had recommended NVIDA #NVDA at $116 in Oct 2022 as the best in its class -- on strong product innovations such as the new RTX gaming series, and the Hopper and the Grace in data center. Now, its price has more than doubled to $265, helped by the disinflation rally of January 2023, the expected growth from generational AI A100, AI chips that are being used for Microsoft (MSFT) and AI [C3.ai]( Inc. (AI) for ChatGPT and then better than expected Q1-FY24 guidance. Those factors from the October article are equally important today; and further growth from autos and AI will sustain the company for several years.,;,; 2023-03-26 17:42:00]
[Britain blocks Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard,;,; LONDON — Britain’s top competition regulator on Wednesday moved to block[ Microsoft]( acquisition of video game publisher [Activision Blizzard](  The  measure marks a major blow for the U.S. tech giant, as it seeks to  convince authorities that the deal will benefit competition.  Microsoft said it plans to appeal the decision.  The  U.K. Competition and Markets Authority said that it opposed the deal as  it raises competition concerns in the nascent cloud gaming market.  Microsoft  could make Activision’s games exclusive to its cloud gaming platform,  Xbox Game Pass, cuting off distribution to other key players in the  space, the CMA said.  Cloud gaming is a technology that enables  gamers to access games via companies’ remote servers — effectively  streaming a game like you would a movie on Netflix. The technology is  still in its infancy, but Microsoft is betting big on it becoming a  mainstream way of playing games.  Microsoft announced its intention to acquire Activision Blizzard in January 2022 for $69 billion, in [one of the biggest deals the video game industry has seen]( to date.  Executives  at the Redmond, Washington-based technology giant believe the  acquisition will boost its efforts in gaming by adding lucrative  franchises like Call of Duty and Candy Crush Saga to its content  offerings.  However, some of Microsoft’s competitors contested the  deal, concerned it may give Microsoft a tight grip on the $200 billion  games market. Of particular concern was the prospect that Microsoft [may shut off distribution access to Activision’s popular Call of Duty franchise]( for certain platforms.  [Sony]( in particular, has voiced concern with Microsoft’s Activision purchase.  The Japanese gaming giant fears that Microsoft could make Call of Duty  exclusive to its Xbox consoles in the long run.    Microsoft sought to allay those concerns by offering Sony, [Nintendo]( [Nvidia](  and other firms [10-year agreements]( to continue bringing Call of Duty to their respective gaming platforms.  Microsoft  argues it wouldn’t be financially beneficial to withhold Call of Duty  from PlayStation, Nintendo and other rivals given the licensing income  it generates from keeping the game available on their platforms.  Microsoft  President Brad Smith told CNBC last month that the company is offering  Sony the same agreement as it did Nintendo — to make Call of Duty  available on PlayStation at the same time as on Xbox, with the same  features. Sony still opposes the deal.  The CMA had raised concerns  with the potential for Microsoft to hinder competition in the nascent  cloud gaming market via its Xbox Game Pass subscription service, which  offers cloud gaming among its perks. Microsoft has committed to bring  new Call of Duty titles to Xbox Game Pass on day one of its release.  Cloud  gaming, or the ability to access games via PC or mobile devices over  the internet, is still in its infancy and requires a strong broadband  connection to work well. According to network intelligence firm  Sandvine, cloud gaming made up less than 1% of global internet traffic  in 2022.  Even with the CMA’s blessing, Microsoft will still need to convince other regulators not to block the deal. The EU [continues to probe the merger]( to assess whether it hurts competition, while the U.S. Federal Trade Commission [sued to block the deal]( on antitrust grounds. Microsoft sought to allay those concerns by offering Sony, [Nintendo]( [Nvidia](  and other firms [10-year agreements]( to continue bringing Call of Duty to their respective gaming platforms.  Microsoft  argues it wouldn’t be financially beneficial to withhold Call of Duty  from PlayStation, Nintendo and other rivals given the licensing income  it generates from keeping the game available on their platforms.  Microsoft  President Brad Smith told CNBC last month that the company is offering  Sony the same agreement as it did Nintendo — to make Call of Duty  available on PlayStation at the same time as on Xbox, with the same  features. Sony still opposes the deal.  The CMA had raised concerns  with the potential for Microsoft to hinder competition in the nascent  cloud gaming market via its Xbox Game Pass subscription service, which  offers cloud gaming among its perks. Microsoft has committed to bring  new Call of Duty titles to Xbox Game Pass on day one of its release.  Cloud  gaming, or the ability to access games via PC or mobile devices over  the internet, is still in its infancy and requires a strong broadband  connection to work well. According to network intelligence firm  Sandvine, cloud gaming made up less than 1% of global internet traffic  in 2022.  Even with the CMA’s blessing, Microsoft will still need to convince other regulators not to block the deal. The EU [continues to probe the merger]( to assess whether it hurts competition, while the U.S. Federal Trade Commission [sued to block the deal]( on antitrust grounds.,;,; 2023-04-26 11:20:59]
[Searching for ETF tool with X,Y,Z stocks in them,;,; Let’s say I want an ETF with Aapl, Mcd, and WMT.   Is there a ETF screener that will spit out ETFs that have the stocks I am interested in holding ideally with a decent amount of weight in said ETF.  Here are the stocks I am interested in:  1) Aapl 2) Mcd 3) Pepsi 4) ABT &amp;ABBV 5) JNJ 6) MSFT 7) WMT 8) GOOG/Googl  1-3 I would love to have all 3 be a large contributor in an ETF.   4-8: I would love to have all of these be weighted as close as possible to each other.  Edit: For anyone wondering the same thing , I decided to buy individual stocks instead of and ETF. Paying a high MER for an ETf that I liked the portfolio and weighting of is annoying and unnecessary. I like selling “safe covered calls” so this works out well.  ETFchannel was a godsend for getting to this decision since they have a tool that searches for the desired stocks with their total weighting.,;,; 2023-04-24 03:36:17]
[How US stocks rose 20% from their lows, and where they might be going,;,; U.S. stocks have defied fears of a recession, a banking crisis and soaring Treasury yields to rise 20% from their October lows - one definition of a bull market.        The benchmark S&amp;P 500 index closed at a low of 3,577.03 on Oct. 12, 2022, down 25% from its all-time high after the Federal Reserve unleashed a series of bruising interest rate increases to fight decades-high inflation.        On Thursday, it closed up 0.6% at 4,293.93, amid growing optimism over the economic outlook and a rate hiking cycle that appears to be nearing its end. Here are some features of the index's rally, and a look at where stocks might go from here.  While markets seldom rise in a straight line, the S&amp;P 500's journey from the bottom took 164 days - the longest 20% climb from a bear market low in five decades. Among the factors holding stocks back was a surge in Treasury yields to their highest levels in decades that dulled the allure of equities by offering investors the potential to earn attractive income in government-backed bonds.        A crisis that saw the biggest bank busts since the Great Recession also shook investor confidence, as did worries over a potentially catastrophic fight over lifting the U.S. debt ceiling.  The narrow breadth of the S&amp;P 500's rally has been a concern for some investors, with just seven stocks - Alphabet (GOOGL.O), Apple (AAPL.O), Microsoft (MSFT.O), Amazon (AMZN.O), Meta (META.O), Nvidia (NVDA.O) and Tesla (TSLA.O) - responsible for almost all of the index's gains this year. Many investors view these stocks as safe bets in uncertain times. Their gains were also driven by excitement over advances in artificial intelligence.  More recently, however, the market's gains have shown tentative signs of broadening out to other stocks.  Meanwhile, volatility has subsided - not only in stocks, but in Treasuries and currencies.        One reason for the calm in markets is investors' belief that the Fed is unlikely to deliver many more of the rate hikes that shook asset prices last year.        Investors have also been encouraged by evidence showing that the U.S. economy continues to be resilient in the face of the central bank's monetary tightening, while inflation slowly cools. The U.S. Citigroup Economic Surprise Index (.CESIUSD) shows U.S. economic data has in aggregate topped market expectations, helped by stronger than expected numbers for employment and consumer spending.        A 20% gain from bear market lows has in the past heralded further upside for stocks.  In four of the last six bear markets, the S&amp;P went on to rise 20% or more in the six months after hitting this milestone.  [  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-06-09 09:07:00]
[safe haven The stock market is red-eyed. At present, it is not only bank stocks but also energy stocks that are killing.,;,; Market commentary has pointed out that last year's big tech stocks are now safe havens. The five elephant stocks then bucked the trend and rose:  GOOGL 2.28%  META 1.92%  MSFT 1.78%  AMZN 1.39%  AAPL 0.26%  The auto industry is currently in a recession, and TSLA will be affected, so it has been a little weak recently.  Chip design duo AMD and NVDA have not been dragged down by semiconductors and bucked the trend today. INTC came back from failure, rising 9.35% in the first five trading days.  One strategy is to only buy stocks that have risen sharply rather than stocks that have fallen sharply, because from the lessons of last year, we can understand that thunderstorms have no bottom. Even META TSLA has experienced a collapse of more than 70% from its high point. On the contrary, if the big rising stocks are still 30% to 40% off from the historical high, and the p/e is very low, they are still very cheap.,;,; 2023-03-16 19:15:21]
[Microsoft’s stock hits record after executives predict $10 billion in annual A.I. revenue,;,;   * Microsoft shares climbed 3.2% to a record Thursday and are now up 46% this year. * The company could pick up $10 billion or more in annual artificial intelligence revenue from developers using its Azure cloud or OpenAI’s models, an executive said this week. * JPMorgan analysts raised their price target on Microsoft stock Wednesday.  Microsoft shares climbed to a record Thursday after analysts at JPMorgan Chase touted the software maker’s growth prospects in artificial intelligence.  The stock rose 3.2% to close at $348.10, topping its prior all-time high reached in November 2021, the same month the Nasdaq peaked. U.S. indexes enjoyed a broad rally, following the Federal Reserve’s announcement Wednesday that it would hold off on increasing interest rates.  AI has been a hot topic all year, after Microsoft-backed OpenAI in November released the ChatGPT chatbot, which quickly went viral. Tech companies have rushed to embed the technology into products and features and have boasted their ability to use AI to drive cost savings as recession concerns persist.  Microsoft is a major beneficiary of the rise of ChatGPT and tangential products. On top of its hefty investment in OpenAI, the company provides the underlying computing power. Microsoft also has an exclusive license on OpenAI’s models, including the GPT-4 large language model that can spit out natural-sounding words in response to a human’s text input.  Microsoft has incorporated OpenAI tools into its Bing search engine and even the Windows operating system. At the company’s event in February to announce its Bing Chatbot, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said “it’s an exciting time in tech.”  Investors want to see what it all means for Microsoft’s earnings and revenue.  In April, Microsoft finance chief Amy Hood said she expects fiscal fourth-quarter growth for Azure cloud of 26% to 27% year over year in constant currency, with 1 percentage point of it coming from AI services. On Monday, in a public discussion with Microsoft technology chief Kevin Scott, Hood provided more specifics, saying that “the next generation AI business will be the fastest-growing $10 billion business in our history.”  In the past four quarters, Microsoft has generated almost $208 billion in total revenue.  Scott went deeper on Hood’s prediction.  “Because it really is a very general platform, we have lots of different ways that $10 billion of ARR is going to first show up,” he said. ARR stands for annual recurring revenue.  “There is all of the people who want to come use our infrastructure, whether they’re training their own models, whether they are running an open-source model they’ve got or whether they are making API calls into one of the big frontier models that we’ve built with OpenAI,” Scott said.  Following the event, JPMorgan analysts lifted their price target to $350 from $315.  “While MSFT continues to encounter a broad wave of cloud optimizations weighing on Azure growth, we see it planting the longer-term seeds for success across Security, Teams, Power Apps and now the forward-looking OpenAI/ChatGPT investments,” wrote the analysts, who have the equivalent of a buy rating on Microsoft stock.  With Microsoft’s 46% rally this year, the stock has recouped all its losses from 2022, when investors rotated out of technology in anticipation of rising interest rates and economic headwinds.  Negative sentiment around cloud growth and a contracting PC market led to pessimism on Wall Street last year. But the excitement around AI in addition to the cost-cutting measures that tech companies implemented produced a renewed bullishness. The Nasdaq is up 32% this year, doubling the gains in the S&amp;P 500.,;,; 2023-06-16 02:14:37]
[These are the stocks on my watchlist (1/25),;,; No positions in any stocks long-term but Amazon/Mag7/general broad market indices. (unless otherwise noted in these tickers)  To clarify since I've been asked: I usually make these watchlists premarket, (or from 6:30 to 7 as time permits), but can be delayed if I'm trading the open. These aren't mean to be taken as gospel: they're just my perspective of where a stock could potentially go. Percentages signify what the stock is trading at when I write up the report and are NOT predictions of stock price EOD. Some of the stocks I post are &lt;$500M market cap and are NOT good long-term investments, but are good candidates to day trade.  **TSLA,** liquidity 7/10- Earnings were a slight miss on expectations, signaled 2024 growth may be lower than 2023. Stock down 10% currently.  **LVTX,** liquidity 7/10- Announces collaboration with MRK, up 50% premarket. Small, 65M market cap stock. Might blow up off the open or be a slow bleed. EDIT: Looks like a slow bleed.  **BA**, liquidity 7/10- FAA halts Boeing max product expansion to improve QC, watching 200 level off of this. (204 also notable).  **MSFT-** liquidity 10/10, Announces job cuts to ATVI, \~2000 people.  **Standing tickers**  **JNPR,** liquidity 9/10 – HPE confirmed to buy JNPR at $40/cash, just leaving this on here for people to be aware, or if you want to play the merger arb.  **NS-** to be acquired by Sunoco for $7B in stock.  **M-** rejects $5.8B cash bid, saying it is not good enough (21/sh). Sycamore Partners possibly emerging as new bidder.  **SAVE,** liquidity 9/10- SAVE still making massive moves- not worth trading unless we see a news catalyst  **Earnings of note: V, INTC**,;,; 2024-01-25 14:47:57]
[AI is going to kill the Tech Industry,;,; It’s a story old as time. A new technology hits the world, people want to be part of the new revolution and be the best with the new shiny object.   Eventually there are too many companies supplying the product and demand focuses on a handful of companies leading to a large fallout in companies values.  Railroad boom and western expansion  First Auto boom  Tech bubble in 2000s  Crypto   And now it’s in the name of AI.  The power and potential of AI is as beautiful as it is terrifying. Just look at some of these use cases:  [Build tailored “Apps” on Chat GPT](  Bill Gates on development of “Agents”:  [In the next five years, this will change completely. You won’t have to use different apps for different tasks. You’ll simply tell your device, in everyday language, what you want to do. And depending on how much information you choose to share with it, the software will be able to respond personally because it will have a rich understanding of your life.](  While not fully developed yet, as the technology evolves it has the promise to be able to develop whatever you want and connect to whatever you have. If you’re a shareholder of many tech companies this should scare the shit out of you as sea changes lead to the potential for higher churn.  That company you own because there are millions of subscribers that has tailored versions of its product for many industries is about to look pretty antiquated. Have the AI study all the notes in your business and make a tailored CRM with all the best practices for efficient data entry and connect it with my Email.   Ohh remake my email to be more simple and add tools to make me better at sales. Having difficulty making that tool? No problem go to the AI App Store and subscribe to the best email add-in for sales.  As technology has evolved we have seen basically winner take most markets. Do you really want the 4th ranked GPS on your phone? How about the 3rd best Language Model?  Many companies are creating and launching Language Models right now but as they expand I would assume only a few true leaders will emerge. Will niches develop? Maybe, but remember you can also just upload data to the mainstream ones to give it expertise in what you want quick and efficient knowledge on.  I’d be worried about any tech companies that are “features of AI” not “platforms of AI tools.” A feature would be “we have the best mousetrap” a platform is “we have the best tools to create your mousetrap” and/or “choose from the highest reviewed mousetraps on our AI store”  Even if you disagree with me on the future of tech, we probably agree that the ability to produce new features and products is now extremely fast for large companies and basic tech start ups given output of these models. This means that the supply of code should increase over time which means more tech companies and competition. This is not good for growth and pricing as more hands try to grab their piece of the admittedly growing market pie.  The AI platforms leaders as I see it are: OpenAI, MSFT, GOOGL, AMZN, ADBE  Potential Platforms: Salesforce (CRM) with their EinsteinAI application and App Store   IBM with their AI tools through Watson   Probably some others  Other comments:   AI is likely to automate many jobs away and replace some of those jobs with jobs we can’t imagine yet. If true legacy companies that price on a per seat basis will be challenged if they don’t pivot to per usage basis. A classic innovators dilemma.,;,; 2023-11-26 14:06:01]
[Nvidia’s stock could fly to $550 amid ‘robust demand’ across the board in AI, analyst says,;,; Nvidia Corp. is benefiting from “robust demand” for artificial-intelligence servers across the board, and that could help extend the stock’s stunning rally, according to KeyBanc Capital Markets.  KeyBanc analyst John Vinh upped his price target on shares of Nvidia NVDA, -0.76% to $550 from $500 late Monday, with his new target among the highest on Wall Street: Above Vinh’s $550 target were one $767 target price and two $600 target prices, according to FactSet. C.J. Muse of Evercore ISI matched Vinh at $550.  Shares closed Monday at $421.80, and they’re up 189% so far this year.  Vinh’s heightened optimism about Nvidia’s prospects comes after he conducted channel checks in Asia. Those indicated strong interest in AI servers that are “not only coming from cloud but also enterprise and from AI startups,” he wrote in a note to clients.  Additionally, he said he sees the potential for Nvidia to benefit from delays related to an Advanced Micro Devices Inc. AMD, +0.36% product.  “Delays associated with AMD’s MI300 are likely to free up incremental capacity in 2H23, while we believe NVDA has secured enough capacity (CoWoS) to quadruple its datacenter revenues in 2024,” Vinh wrote, referring to chip-on-wafer-on-substrate, a type of packaging.   That said, Vinh also boosted his price target on shares of AMD, despite more “mixed” channel checks there, compared with the “positive” ones for Nvidia.  “While near-term challenges associated with delays of its MI300 AI server and stability issues with its PC NB Ryzen Phoenix (7040) could result in near-term risk to estimates, AI server wins at HP/El Capitan, MSFT, and Meta give us high conviction that AMD could see well over $2B in AI revenues in 2024,” Vinh wrote, as he lifted his price target on the shares to $160 from $150.  Chip companies will begin reporting earnings in the coming weeks, and one trend to watch will be how server demand is playing out more broadly. “AI servers [are] seeing outsized demand but appear to be cannibalizing traditional server,” Vihn wrote in his note to clients.  He also flagged overall weakness in China, “with no signs of a recovery, which is limiting the inventory destocking process.”     2023-07-11 12:46:44]
[Microsoft Pushes AI-Powered Tools for Telecoms. It’s Targeting Amazon.,;,;   Microsoft latest drive in artificial intelligence is providing AI-powered services to help telecommunications companies manage their networks. It’s a move that takes aim at Amazon, as both technology companies look to gain from the telecom industry’s move toward cloud-computing platforms.   Microsoft is launching a new AI-enabled cloud platform for telecom companies, named Azure Operator Nexus. It has already been provided to AT&amp;T, the company said late Sunday, just before the industry’s flagship show, the Mobile World Congress, began on Monday.  Microsoft acquired AT&amp;T ’s cloud-platform technology in 2021, in the process landing one of the biggest clients in the sector.  “Azure Operator Nexus has already been released to our flagship customer, AT&amp;T, and the results have been incredibly positive. Now, we’re selectively working with operators for potential deployments around the world,” Yousef Khalidi, a corporate vice president at Microsoft, said in a blog post.   The launch comes as carriers such as AT&amp;T and Verizon face pressure to show better returns on investments in 5G networks. Microsoft said that Nexus will make carriers’ networks more efficient through the use of AI and automation.   Microsoft is taking on Amazon Web Services as it looks to expand its market share in cloud-computing services for telecoms. Amazon last week announced the launch of its AWS Telco Network Builder, which it said would make it easier for telecom companies to build their operations in the cloud.  Google’s parent, Alphabet is also seeking to attract telecoms companies, as it looks to catch up with Amazon and Microsoft in cloud revenue. On Monday, Google Cloud said it was launching three new products for telecom companies, including an AI-powered tool for analyzing subscriber behavior.,;,; 2023-02-27 17:22:08]
[Dow Jones futures rise; a sale at Silicon Valley Bank closes; Microsoft, Tesla near buy points,;,; Dow Jones futures rose slightly Sunday night, along with S&amp;P 500 futures and Nasdaq futures. The bank crisis is still in focus. Headlines have been relatively modest so far this weekend, though a deal may be close for FDIC-controlled Silicon Valley Bank.  A stock market rally attempt is ongoing, but the indexes have been volatile while breadth has been narrow.  The major indexes rose modestly for the week, but came far off weekly highs. The Russell 2000 hit 2023 lows with bank stocks, but small caps and banks edged up for the week.  The rally attempt has relied heavily on big-cap Nasdaq stocks. Apple stock,  Microsoft ($MSFT), Tesla ($TSLA), Regeneron Pharmaceuticals ($REGN), MercadoLibre ($MELI) and Palo Alto Networks ($PANW) are Nasdaq 100 stocks that are holding up well.  REGN stock gapped up into a buy zone late in the week on positive drug trial news. Apple ($AAPL) and Microsoft are just above buy points while Palo Alto is just below an entry. MercadoLibre and Tesla stock are holding key support levels, not far from being actionable. All boast strong relative strength lines. MercadoLibre and PANW stock are on IBD Leaderboard. AAPL stock is on SwingTrader. MSFT stock is on the IBD Long-Term Leaders list. MELI stock is on the IBD 50.   Just because individual stocks are possible buys doesn't mean investors have to act on them. This market rally attempt still needs to confirm its uptrend.   ## Bank News  This weekend has been relatively quiet for banking news, at least in comparison to the prior two weekends. The news generally has been about resolution vs. frantic efforts to avoid systemic collapse.  First Citizens BancShares is in advanced talks to buy SVB Financial's Silicon Valley Bank, Bloomberg reported Sunday evening.  The FDIC has been looking to unload Silicon Valley Bank since taking over more than two weeks ago. Reports last week suggested that the regulator might shoulder some of the underwater assets to smooth the way for a deal.  U.S. regulators could expand an emergency lending facility for banks, with an aim at helping First Republic bolster its balance sheet, Bloomberg reported Saturday, citing sources. Authorities are mulling various options. They don't see any First Republic as needing urgent new help as the California-based bank tries to work out solutions with its advisers.  Late Friday, the Fed reported that deposits at small domestically chartered banks fell by $120 billion in the week March 15, but rose $67 billion at large domestically chartered banks.  On Friday, many banks rebounded from 2023 lows after concerns expanded, at least briefly, to Deutsche Bank. Even Wall Street giants such as JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley undercut recent lows before closing better.  The video embedded in this article discusses the week's market action in depth, while also analyzing MELI stock as well Meritage Homes and PagerDuty, the two most recent IBD Stock Of The Day selections.  [ 2023-03-27 05:57:18]
[Microsoft stock hits a record high. Why its next move might be lower,;,; Microsoft stock reached a new all-time closing high—but there could be some hiccups ahead in the short term.        Microsoft's stock rose 1.1% to $360.53 on Tuesday. That's a new closing high, topping the previous high of $359.49 set on July 18. Furthermore, Microsoft has won for eight days in a row, its longest winning streak since January 28, 2021.        The stock has been helped by the company’s strong earnings and sales, which got a boost from the Azure cloud business.        But it’s not just earnings. Microsoft was already outperforming its peers following tech weakness in August and September. Its stock has gained 15% since the end of September, outpacing Amazon.com (AMZN), which has risen 12%, Meta Platforms (META), which has risen 6.5%, Nvidia (NVDA) and Apple (AAPL), which is up 6%, Alphabet (GOOGL) which has ticked up 0.3%, and Tesla (TSLA), which has dropped 13%.        So, why be concerned? It all comes down to the 14-day relative strength index from Microsoft. The RSI, or Relative Strength Index, is a measure of a stock's or index's momentum, or lack thereof. The closer it comes to 20 on the negative, the more oversold it is, while a score close to 80 indicates that the stock is extremely overbought. A value below 30 usually indicates that a stock is about to rally, while a score above 60 indicates a likely decline. Microsoft's RSI is at 72.75, indicating that it is becoming quite overbought and that a pullback is possible.        That doesn’t mean Microsoft isn’t worth buying for its long-term potential. The company has a lot to recommend, including a cloud business that should get a boost as ChatGPT, which held its developer conference yesterday, looks to expand. It just means that investors might get a better opportunity to pick up shares in the days ahead.        ,;,; 2023-11-08 11:35:51]
[Microsoft vs Nvidia for investing into Ai?,;,; Just curious on thoughts between these two companies. I feel like Nvidia is overpriced and has been since 380, but it keeps on climbing and they seem to be the go to stock for Ai. I've got about 20k i want to put in and with Microsofts new subscription service that includes the use of Ai integration, am considering in them. I'm hoping down the road the earnings report will indicate a profit that will boost Microsoft further?  Any thoughts?,;,; 2023-07-18 19:10:01]
[Exclusive: Nvidia pursues $30 billion custom chip opportunity with new unit -sources,;,;        SAN FRANCISCO, Feb 9 (Reuters) - Nvidia (NVDA.O), opens new tab is building a new business unit focused on designing bespoke chips for cloud computing firms and others, including advanced artificial intelligence (AI) processors, nine sources familiar with its plans told Reuters.  The dominant global designer and supplier of AI chips aims to capture a portion of an exploding market for custom AI chips and shield itself from the growing number of companies pursuing alternatives to its products.  The Santa Clara, California-based company controls about 80% of high-end AI chip market, a position that has sent its stock market value up 40% so far this year to $1.73 trillion after it more than tripled in 2023.  Nvidia's customers, which include ChatGPT creator OpenAI, Microsoft (MSFT.O), opens new tab, Alphabet (GOOGL.O), opens new tab and Meta Platforms (META.O), opens new tab, have raced to snap up the dwindling supply of its chips to compete in the fast-emerging generative AI sector.  Its H100 and A100 chips serve as a generalized, all-purpose AI processor for many of those major customers. But the tech companies have started to develop their own internal chips for specific needs. Doing so helps reduce energy consumption, and potentially can shrink the cost and time to design.  Nvidia is now attempting to play a role in helping these companies develop custom AI chips that have flowed to rival firms such as Broadcom (AVGO.O), opens new tab and Marvell Technology (MRVL.O), opens new tab, said the sources, who declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly.  "If you're really trying to optimize on things like power, or optimize on cost for your application, you can't afford to go drop an H100 or A100 in there," Greg Reichow, general partner at venture capital firm Eclipse Ventures said in an interview. "You want to have the exact right mixture of compute and just the kind of compute that you need."  Nvidia does not disclose H100 prices, which are higher than for the prior-generation A100, but each chip can sell for $16,000 to $100,000 depending on volume and other factors. Meta plans to bring its total stock to 350,000 H100s this year. Nvidia officials have met with representatives from Amazon.com (AMZN.O), opens new tab, Meta, Microsoft, Google and OpenAI to discuss making custom chips for them, two sources familiar with the meetings said. Beyond data center chips, Nvidia has pursued telecom, automotive and video game customers.  Nvidia shares rose 2.75% after the Reuters report, helping lift chip stocks overall. Marvell shares dropped 2.78%.  In 2022, Nvidia said it would let third-party customers integrate some of its proprietary networking technology with their own chips. It has said nothing about the program since, and Reuters is reporting its wider ambitions for the first time. A Nvidia spokesperson declined to comment beyond the company's 2022 announcement.  Dina McKinney, a former Advanced Micro Devices (AMD.O), opens new tab and Marvell executive, heads Nvidia's custom unit and her team's goal is to make its technology available for customers in cloud, 5G wireless, video games and automotives, a LinkedIn profile said. Those mentions were scrubbed and her title changed after Reuters sought comment from Nvidia.  Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Meta and OpenAI declined to comment.     **$30 BILLION MARKET**  According to estimates from research firm 650 Group’s Alan Weckel, the data center custom chip market will grow to as much as $10 billion this year, and double that in 2025.  The broader custom chip market was worth roughly $30 billion in 2023, which amounts to roughly 5% of annual global chip sales, according to Needham analyst Charles Shi.  Currently, custom silicon design for data centers is dominated by Broadcom and Marvell.  In a typical arrangement, a design partner such as Nvidia would offer intellectual property and technology, but leave the chip fabrication, packaging and additional steps to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (2330.TW), opens new tab or another contract chip manufacturer.  Nvidia moving into this territory has the potential to eat into Broadcom and Marvell sales.  "With Broadcom's custom silicon business touching $10 billion, and Marvell’s around $2 billion, this is a real threat," said Dylan Patel, founder of silicon research group SemiAnalysis. "It's a real big negative - there's more competition entering the fray."  **BEYOND AI**  Nvidia is in talks with telecom infrastructure builder Ericsson (ERICb.ST), opens new tab for a wireless chip that includes the chip designer's graphics processing unit (GPU) technology, two sources familiar with the discussions said. Ericsson declined to comment.  650 Group's Weckle expects the telecom custom chip market to remain flat at roughly $4 billion to $5 billion a year. Nvidia also plans to target the automotive and video game markets, according to sources and public social media postings.  Weckel expects the custom auto market to grow consistently from its current $6 billion to $8 billion range at 20% a year, and the $7 billion to $8 billion video game custom chip market could increase with the next-generation consoles from Xbox and Sony (6857.T), opens new tab.  Nintendo's current Switch handheld console already includes Nvidia's Tegra X1 chip. A new version of the Switch console expected this year is likely to include a Nvidia custom design, one source said.  Nintendo declined to comment.,;,; 2024-02-09 23:15:02]
[Why Activision Blizxard stock might be a steal.,;,; I'm not going to pretend to be a financial advisor in any way. I'm just someone who is trying to learn how to take take some additional risks in stock investing, in addition to investing in ETFs.  Ok, so here's why I think Activision Blizzard will do very well in the coming months.  1. Firstly, Diablo 4, one of Activision Blizzard's flagship series is going to come out on June 6th. This series (Diablo I, II, &amp; III) have historically been majorly successful, and is basically the predecessor to major games like Path of Exile in recent times.  With the release of a flagship AAA game, the company is asking for $70 USD per copy, up to $100 USD for its ultimate edition of the game. The game itself also follows industry standards of monetization through a Battle pass system that should refresh each season.  The reception to this game so far has been very positive, and I feel its release would be big enough to impact Activision Blizzard's Q2 report around August. A successful Q2 report would likely drive up people's perception of the company, and hence drive up the stock price.  2. Secondly, in recent times, Microsoft has met issues with the acquisition of Activision Blizzard, particularly in the UK because of anti trust laws. But this is a good thing. I'll explain why I think so.  For background, Microsoft in 2022 wanted to acquire activision blizzard at $95 per share. The price per share back then was around $70. With a potential future evaluation of $95, the market started to price this in over the last year and a half, resulting in activision blizzard stock ending around $85 last week.  In recent news though, with microsoft's difficulty, investors lost a bit of faith in the acquisition, and the stock price dropped to $75 ish. So it becomes potentially a good time to buy.  This is good because, based on my understanding (Im not going to pretend I know everything), the anti trust UK issue is based on Microsoft having too large a market share in Cloud computing games. But this in itself doesn't make sense, because cloud computing games make up 5% of the total market share. So realistically, Microsoft isn't really breaking anti trust laws with regards to the gaming industry.  To take my faith in microsoft being able to acquire activision blizzard one step further. Microsoft has already pledged to not monopolize many of the flagship AAA games of activision blizzard so that this acquisition can go through. They have cut a deal with nintendo to license out the famous Call of Duty series for 10 years in the future.   With this in mind, I believe that microsoft has the resolve and resources to eventually acquire activision blizzard.  *** So the way I look at is that Activision Blizzard seems to me at least, to be a pretty good investment in the medium term (couple of months til their Q2 earnings report), as well as potentially a long term gold mine with Microsoft potentially acquiring the company at a higher valuation.  Once again, I stress I am not a financial expert, I'm not going to pretend to be one. I'm just someone who has been following activision blizzard's products for years, someone who is trying to learn how to invest.  I might not know much about stocks and investments, but i think I know my stuff when it comes to games.  Anyway yeah, thanks for reading, hope to make some bank for my university education frfr. Bullish on one of my favourite companies.,;,; 2023-05-01 16:40:47]
[Microsoft acquisition of Activison (how does this work for etfs),;,; I have an etf that has activison in it. With the EU approving the deal for Microsoft to own it,what happens to the shares in the etf? Is it a direct payout since I’m an owner? Do the shares become Microsoft? Or does the fund just get a lump sum from the buyout?,;,; 2023-05-16 20:52:31]
[Thoughts on ERIC?,;,; Hi all, happy Monday! I'm seeking to diversify my portfolio and also wanted to break up the SPY, QQQ, NVDA, MSFT chains that always seem to develop here with a company that is less discussed. Ericsson (ticker ERIC) is a communication infrastructure company based in Stockholm currently trading at $5.12 per share at market close. I've been reading up on the company and its expected performance and it seems somewhat positive.   There are 3 factors that seem to be the primary considerations (this includes my takeaways from the articles, and is not purely fact):  1. Earnings Strength - While the EPS has decreased from $0.73 to an estimated $0.48 over the past year or so, analyst forecasts have been raised after the company beat their expected Q1 earnings by $0.06.  2. Relative Valuation - The consensus across all the reports I've read are evenly split between a neutral rating on valuation or a positive one. Generally speaking, its current valuation is not quite where it should be, with the general expectation being that it should be valued at $1-$2 higher.  3. Price Movement - This is one of the strongest indicators that has drawn my attention. The YTD price of the stock has dropped by 32.4%, with a 1-quarter down of 5.1%. The 1-month decline has slowed even more to 3.3%. There is a mix of conclusions here, either the value is bottoming out and will start to climb, or will lead to average price performance over the next few months.   In my opinion, ERIC seems to be a reasonable, undervalued stock that could prove to be a good short-term holding. What are your thoughts? (I'm still pretty new to investing in general, so constructive feedback on the way I've analyzed this would be greatly appreciated!)   Sources:   ISS-EVA Report: [  REFINITIV Report: [  Ford Equity Research Report: [  Refinitiv/Versus Report: [  McLean Capital Research Report: [  Disclosures:  Positions held in Intel, Cisco, Qualcomm, AT&amp;T,;,; 2023-07-24 20:21:01]
[The 2023 stock market rally got a lot healthier in June and July,;,;   July has come and gone for investors, bringing with it a continuation and a new twist on the blistering stock market gains seen in the first half of this year.  The Tech sector (XLK), along with some of last year's biggest losers like Communication Services (XLC) and Consumer Discretionary (XLY), powered the market's rally through May.  July has come and gone for investors, bringing with it a continuation and a new twist on the blistering stock market gains seen in the first half of this year.  The Tech sector (XLK), along with some of last year's biggest losers like Communication Services (XLC) and Consumer Discretionary (XLY), powered the market's rally through May. [Money doesn't grow on trees]  But over the last two months, one of the biggest concerns among market bears — that the rally had become too concentrated — has been addressed with all 11 sectors in the S&amp;P 500 (^GSPC) logging gains between June and July.  And while the aforementioned stars of this year's rally are still playing a leading role, a surge in oil prices has brought Energy (XLE) into the fold with cyclical sectors like Materials (XLB) and Industrials (XLI) also sitting on gains north of 14% since June as optimism about the economy abounds.  This has left all sectors with the exception of Health Care (XLV) and Utilities (XLU) sitting on year-to-date gains through July.  Combine this broad strength with the bullish year-to-date seasonality stats we've been compiling and the final five months of the year have some powerful tailwinds. Notably, however, Tuesday brings us into August, which has been the weakest month of the year over the last 25 years.  [**Broadening of the market.**](  In the table above, we can see that the three leading sectors until May were those that house the so-called Magnificent Seven stocks, as well as the growthier names that tend to be less cyclical.  The Tech sector is home to much of the artificial intelligence trade, including Microsoft (MSFT) and Nvidia (NVDA). Apple (AAPL), which is up some 50% so far this year, is also a member of the Tech sector.  Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), along with Meta Technologies (META), is a member of the Communication Services sector.  And even with the rally broadening in recent months, we can see Tech is still doing a lot of the heavy lifting. It may not be a surprise, then, to learn that both Apple and Meta have been positive each month this year. (For Meta, the streak of monthly wins extends all the way back to November 2022.)  Through May, Amazon (AMZN) and other e-commerce plays were primarily responsible for boosting gains in the Consumer Discretionary sector.  In the two months since, brick and mortar stalwarts like Kohl's (KSS) and Nordstrom (JWN) have joined the rally, with each up over 50% since the end of May.  Cyclical names — whose fortunes vary more alongside the state of the economy — dominate the components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI).  And inside the index we can also see the game of catch-up taking place.  The latest returns from June to July are reflected on the x-axis in the chart below, while prior gains through May are expressed vertically on the y-axis.  Industrial giant Caterpillar (CAT) is alone at the right edge of the chart — up 29% the last two months after sinking 14% earlier this year. Caterpillar will report earnings on Tuesday.  3M (MMM) and Boeing (BA) are also among top recent returns, while rounding out the top five are banking giant JPMorgan (JPM) and retail leader Home Depot (HD).  Also noteworthy are the few laggards that haven't mustered much the entire year and are camping out in the lower left of the chart.  Consumer Staples (XLP) company Walgreens (WBA) happens to be dead last on the year-to-date list, down 20%. Telecom company Verizon (VZ) and pharmaceutical giant Merck (MRK) are also toward the bottom.,;,; 2023-08-01 02:38:08]
[The Semiconductor/Chip Bubble,;,;  Hi everyone,  I want to start by clarifying that this is ***not*** financial advice.  I believe that there is a semiconductor bubble that is anywhere between 2 to 3 quarters from popping.  A combination of growing recession, war, supply chain, and decreasing demand pressures exasperated by overvaluation in the chip space is a ticking time bomb.  # Let's start by reviewing the decreasing demand for semiconductors...  &amp;#x200B;  &gt;WASHINGTON—April 6, 2023—The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) today announced global semiconductor industry sales totaled $39.7 billion during the month of February 2023, a decrease of 4.0% compared to the January 2023 total of $41.3 billion and 20.7% less than the February 2022 total of $50.0 billion. Monthly sales are compiled by the [World Semiconductor Trade Statistics (WSTS) organization]( and represent a three-month moving average. SIA represents 99% of the U.S. semiconductor industry by revenue and nearly two-thirds of non-U.S. chip firms.  &amp;#x200B;  &gt;Regionally, year-to-year sales increased slightly in February in Japan (1.2%), but decreased in Europe (-0.9%), the Americas (-14.8%), Asia Pacific/All Other (-22.1%), and China (-34.2%). Month-to-month sales were down across all regions: Europe (-0.3%), Japan (-0.3%), Asia Pacific/All Other (-3.6%), the Americas (-5.3%), and China (-5.9%).  **Souce:** [  The bottleneck for semiconductors seems to have certainly passed, and I would expect to see the balance sheet for semiconductor and chip manufacturers to begin contracting.  # Moving onto war and legislative pressures, I believe that this industry has tremendous exposure to China &amp; Taiwan...  TSMC is the largest producer of semiconductors, virtually all other chip manufacturers rely on TSMC to produce their semiconductors. Additionally, outside of TSMC, many chip manufacturers rely on China for at least part of their chip manufacturing or assembly as well.  I believe that the growing conflict between China and Taiwan may be approaching a tipping point.  Although tensions have been high between Taiwan and China for sometime, a recent Quiver Quant Instagram reel outlines some suspicious trading behavior from Senator Tommy Tuberville as well as Warren Buffet regarding TSMC.  Reel: [  Yahoo Finance Article on Buffet TSM Sale: [  Quiver Quant Page on TSM Trades: [  I believe that this conflict will create a huge supply chain issues for chip manufacturers. I believe it will be a delayed issue, meaning that we won't see the issue manifest for at least a quarter or two on earnings, and I would not be surprised if their first earnings following the conflict is actually stronger, but their forward guidance becomes incredibly poor.  Adding to the bottleneck they may be experiencing with semiconductors, I believe that OPECs decision to reduce oil production will also manifest itself as additional operating costs for the chip manufacturers. The cost to import parts will increase and henceforth their operating cost as well.  Here in the U.S, I believe this will be a stark contrast for us month to month. The government has been able to artificially suppress crude oil prices by dipping into the the national reserve, however, this is not sustainable long term. Once this stops, we'll see a big jump from moderate to high inflation in a matter of days and this will likely shock our economy quite a bit.   [  # Overvaluation...  I'm specifically taking aim at NVDA. They have a book value of approximately $8.96 but closed the trading day on 4/14/23 at $267.58  That is 29.86x their book value. YTD their stock price has risen 80.18% while their actual book value has dropped from $10.62 to $8.96 YOY from Q4 of 2021 to Q4 of 2022.  To contrast, TSM's price-to-book ratio is 4.72 as of 4/14/23.  AMD's P2B value is 2.70, and just for fun, TSLA's is 13.09  Obviously when we look at the actual price of a stock, we understand that a large degree of a stock's price is speculation. I'm arguing that the speculation in NVDA's stock price is out of control, and that at some point it will return to a more reasonable price-to-book ratio.  I believe in this case, the conflict between Taiwan and China will be the catalyst that will accelerate NVDA's waterfall down into a more reasonable price point.  Positions  $TSM Short  $YANG Long  $SOXS Long  $UVXY Long  I do believe that after this bubble bursts, we're going to form another bubble, so I'll be looking to reverse my positions at some point.  Specifically I will be looking at INTC and MSFT to lead the next bubble in this sector given their foray into semiconductor manufacturing.,;,; 2023-04-30 19:22:08]
[Keep portfolio / Sell portfolio and put all into Term Deposits. What would you do?,;,; Hi guys! I'm looking for some advice / points of view on something. For the last couple of weeks i've been thinking and thinking what i should do with my portfolio / investment strategy. So, I'm from Europe, and i currently have some money invested into the US market + some spare money (I'll show the percentages below). Right know, i have some spare money and i have the possibility to it into some Term deposits with maturity from 1 month, up to 3 years, which i think pays out quite good or just keep DCA into the market.  Ok so first, my portfolio right now is still positive overall and it looks like this: VOO - 25%, QQQ - 18%, NVDA - 12%, AAPL - 11%, MSFT - 10%, GOOGL - 7%, RKLB - 3%, UNH - 3% and the rest 11% split into V, ASTS, MA, HD, AMZN, TGT, DIS, BA and TSLA. For the past year or so, i didn't add anything to individual stocks and just DCA into VOO/QQQ every month.  Now, the banks right now have these interests (i've selected from different banks, the best ones for each maturity period): 1 month - 5.7%, 3 months - 7.3%, 6 months - 7.5%, 1 year - 8.2%, 2 years - 8.45%, 3 years - 8.7%. But before you say holy s\*\*t, these are good returns, right now, here, the inflation rate is at 15% (which in reality i think it's even worse), so it's not that great if you look at it that way.  Looking at the market right now, 7.5% or 8.2% seems pretty good. I know the market average return is around 8% to 9% but I'm not sure the market is gonna have these kind of returns (at least the next few years?). But i could be right, i could be wrong of course. I just don't feel like it's gonna do great next period, that's all.  So now back to my dilemma... As i said, for the past year i just DCA each month into VOO/QQQ. Besides what's already invested, i have some spare cash i would like to deploy right now and i see these scenarios.  \- Sell the portfolio, and put it all + spare money + new money each month into term deposits (6 months or 1 year maturity)  \- Keep portfolio as it is and put spare money + new money each month into term deposits  \- Keep portfolio and put the spare money into it + DCA each month as usual and ignore the term deposits  If i missed something, maybe a better option or some information that i missed and might be really important to take into consideration, please tell me. Right now i'm something like 60/40 into second scenario. Just don't touch the portfolio, but put the rest of the money into these deposits (i was thinking the 1 year one may be the best one ?), until the market stabilizes a bit. Also, im in my twenties, so my investment hold period is long. I don't need the money any time soon (that's 1 of the reason why i think the option to keep DCA into the market may be better because of the compound interest?).  I could really use some advice on this guys. What would you do in this situation? Sorry if some terms are not right or something, as im not from US, some things related to investing may be different and i might wrongly translate them. Thanks a lot guys!  TLDR: You have spare money right now. How you choose to use it? Sell portfolio and put everything into Term deposits (at least for the next couple of years) / Keep portfolio and put rest into Term deposits / Ignore the Term deposits and keep DCA into the market as usual.,;,; 2023-03-13 16:09:59]
[Electronic Arts (EA) DCF Analysis,;,; # Introduction:  The gaming industry has been gaining notoriety in the news lately, with the MSFT-ATVI acquisition and the hype around NVDA boosting the stock prices for the gaming industry as well. EA, in particular, investors have been overly bullish on them. I believe that the current EA model of acquiring studios to acquire their IPs is ill-fitted for the gaming industry considering the success stories of other game developers e.g. Riot, Valve, etc all relied on having a champion cash cow. EA's problems go beyond just their business model, their largest cash cow the FIFA series has recently ended its partnership with the FIFA organization and spun off into EA Sports FC, the success of EA Sports FC is uncertain now that the main body overseeing football no longer backs the FIFA series.  &amp;#x200B;  # REVENUE:  There has been a paradigm shift in how EA will approach its business model, EA wants to make players more interconnected. “having more friends and building stronger friendships in our network leads to more time spent playing and connecting. As a cornerstone of our priorities of growth, we will continue to implement these tools across our portfolio” - 2023 Q4 Earnings conference. So, going forward their focus will be on making their large titles feel more interconnected rather than buying new and smaller titles.   EA has split revenue into 3 tranches,    “Full Game Download”, “Packaged Goods”, and “Live Services and Others”    “Full Game Download” refers to virtual downloads of the game released by EA.    “Packaged Goods” refers to hard copies of the game that EA sells to a third party.    “Live Services and Others” refers to DLC.  ***FULL GAME DOWNLOAD***  When forecasting Games Released, I'm uncertain to what extent EA will execute their new paradigm shift so to avoid making incorrect assumptions I assumed that the number of titles EA released would be in line with historic averages.  When forecasting Revenue/Game, given that management’s guidance was to focus on older and bigger IPs to create a community. I assume that sales of new games grew at historical averages before tapering down to grow in line with inflation.  ***PACKAGED GOODS AND LIVE SERVICES***  When forecasting Live Services and Others, I opted to use a nominal Y/Y to reflect the uncertainty in this arm of revenue. As Live Services and Others are only driven by a few popular and older titles e.g. Apex Legends, FIFA, etc. I assume that Live Services grows in line with historic averages as EA figures out how best to grow their community before there is a slight ramp-up in growth and then tapering down to grow in line with inflation until perpetuity.  # COST:  ***R&amp;D AND COST OF GOODS SOLD***  When forecasting R&amp;D and COGS, opting for less granularity I followed historic trends and took the historical averages.   ***MARKETING***   When forecasting Marketing, “Operating expenses were up 5%, excluding our fourth quarter restructuring charge. Our people costs increased as we continue to invest behind our portfolio, and we also saw higher marketing spend to support new releases.” - 2023 Q4 Earnings conference. I assume that Marketing will increase to an elevated level to support more marketing for older flagship IPs and remain elevated till perpetuity.   ***G&amp;A***  When forecasting G&amp;A, given that EA has stated their desire to build out communities rather than developing more and more different kinds of games, I assume that G&amp;A remains constant till perpetuity.   ***OTHERS***  When forecasting Others,  I opted to follow historic trends and assumed that it would continue till perpetuity.  # WACC:  ***COST OF EQUITY***    US bond rating of AA+    10Y T-Bond Yield (5D Avg) = 4.27%    AA+ Risk Spread (5D Avg) = 0.55%    RFR = 3.72%    Beta ([SOURCE]( = 0.82    4050 = (4050 \* 4.25%) \* (1+16%) / (1+R) + \[((4050 \* 4.25%) \* (1+16%)) \* (1+3.82%) / (R - 3.82%)\] / (1 + R) \^ 2     R = 10.3%, ERP = 6.58%    Cost of Equity = 9.12%          ***COST OF DEBT***    EA has a bond rating of A-    A Bond yield (5D Avg) = 5.37%    Marginal Tax Rate = 21.00%    AT Cost of Debt = 4.78%        ***WEIGHTAGE***    Stock Price (5D Avg) = $136.89    Shares O/S = 272M    Market Value of Equity = 37234M     Weighted average maturity = 15 Years    Based on 2023 10-K, effective i/r = 4.97% assumed constant.     2023 Interest Expense = 93.4M    Market Value of Debt = 1917M    %Debt = 4.90%    %Equity = 95.10%    WACC = 8.91%  # CONCLUSION:  Ultimately, in my base case, I value EA at $110.76 per share. I believe that EA is overpriced and their IPs are not as valuable as Investors make them out to be, especially after considering the fact that there is high uncertainty revolving around their most successful IP, FIFA. The uncertainty of how successful their main IPs like Apex Legends, Starwars, and Battlefield can be after the shift in business model leads me to believe that the stock is overvalued.   Base Case: \[[INSERT](   Best Case: \[[INSERT](   Worst Case: \[[INSERT](   Revenue Model: \[[INSERT](   Cost Model: \[[INSERT](   Change in NWC Schedule: \[[INSERT](   Sanity Check: \[[INSERT](             ,;,; 2023-12-13 15:06:56]
[(4/26) Wednesday's Pre-Market Stock Movers &amp; News,;,; #Good morning traders and investors of the r/stocks sub! Welcome to the new trading day and a fresh start! Here are your pre-market stock movers &amp; news on this Wednesday, April the 26th, 2023-  *****  # [Stock futures rise after Microsoft, Alphabet post earnings beats: Live updates](  ***** &gt; U.S. stock futures rose Wednesday as Big Tech earnings began to roll out, led by Microsoft. ***** &gt; Futures tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average were up 5 points, while S&amp;P 500 futures added 0.2%, and Nasdaq-100 futures gained 1%. ***** &gt; Microsoft beat Wall Street’s expectations on the top and bottom lines in its latest quarter. The company also posted a big jump in revenue from its Intelligent Cloud business segment. Shares gained 8% in the premarket. Google-parent Alphabet posted better-than-anticipated earnings, however the stock dipped slightly as revenue grew by just 3% year over year. ***** &gt; “We’re still early in this season, but it seems like Wall Street generally underestimated corporate America once again,” said Callie Cox, an analyst at investment company eToro. “Company-level information could be easing investors’ fears on how corporate America is handling slowing growth and rising costs, especially given the focus on the job market.” ***** &gt; “There are a lot of eyes on how well tech holds up given it’s powered the market recently,” she added. “Big Tech has been through a lot of scrutiny, and expectations are already quite low for the sector. We expect Big Tech companies to focus on profitability and cost-cutting measures in their earnings commentary.” ***** &gt; Boeing, Hilton Worldwide and Spirit Airlines are scheduled to report their earnings results before the bell Wednesday. After the close, Meta Platforms, eBay and Mattel are due to report. ***** &gt; Traders are coming off a losing session, with the Dow falling about 344 points Tuesday. The S&amp;P 500 finished 1.6% lower and the Nasdaq Composite dropped nearly 2%. ***** &gt; First Republic Bank said late Monday that its deposits dropped 40% to $104.5 billion in the first quarter. This reignited concerns about the broader banking sector and pressured the major averages Tuesday. Cox called the instance “an exception.” ***** &gt; “I’ve felt encouraged by how well margins have held up,” she told CNBC. “That’s a function of both sales and cost management, but it shows us that investors may have not factored in how much businesses are benefiting from cooling labor and goods costs.” ***** &gt; Elsewhere, investors are monitoring durable goods and mortgage purchase data Wednesday morning, before getting the latest GDP update Thursday and the big Personal Consumption Expenditures Price Index – the Fed’s favored inflation gauge – on Friday.  *****  #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR STOCK FUTURES CHARTS!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #2!](  *****  #THIS AFTERNOON'S AFTER-HOURS EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #2!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #3!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES LINK #4!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #2!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS!](  *****  #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(**source: [cnbc.com](  *****  &gt; **Enphase Energy** — The solar inverter company slid 16% after reporting disappointing revenue guidance for the second quarter. The company said Tuesday its upcoming quarterly revenue will range from $700 to $750 million, compared to the expected $765.2 million from analysts surveyed by StreetAccount. Enphase reported adjusted earnings of $1.37 per share on $726 million in revenue, beating StreetAccount forecasts of earnings of $1.21 per share on $724.4 in revenue. Shares of rival Solaredge Technologies dropped 5.8%.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** ENPH  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Boeing** — Boeing shares rose 3.7% in premarket trading after the company posted its latest quarterly results and said it would increase production of 737 Max planes later this year despite a production issue. The company reported an adjusted loss of $1.27 per share and $17.92 billion in revenue. Analysts polled by Refinitiv anticipated a loss per share of $1.07 on $17.57 billion in revenue.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** BA  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Activision Blizzard** — Activision Blizzard shares dropped about 10.4% in the premarket after a UK regulator blocked Microsoft’s purchase of the video game publisher. “The final decision to prevent the deal comes after Microsoft’s proposed solution failed to effectively address the concerns in the cloud gaming sector,” wrote the UK’s Competition and Markets Authority.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** ATVI  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **First Republic Bank** — The battered regional bank stock dropped 10% before the bell, with the potential to again weigh on the broader banking sector. First Republic on Monday reported that its deposits dropped 40% to $104.5 billion in the first quarter, and the stock lost nearly half its value Tuesday.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** FRC  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **PacWest Bancorp** — Shares jumped 14% in early morning trading after PacWest said it has seen deposit inflows over the past month. The regional bank said deposits fell more than 16% during the first quarter to roughly $28.2 billion, but that it has added about $1.8 billion in deposits since March 20, when it last updated investors. It saw $700 million in deposits in April. On Tuesday, PacWest also reported a net loss of $1.21 billion for the quarter, due largely to a goodwill impairment charge. Regional bank Western Alliance Bancorp also rose Wednesday before the bell.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** PACW  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Microsoft** — Shares advanced 8% after Microsoft reported fiscal third-quarter results and issued quarterly guidance that topped expectations. The tech firm reported earnings of $2.45 per share on revenue of $52.86 billion. Analysts polled by Refinitiv forecasted per-share earnings of $2.23 on revenue of $51.02 billion. Additionally, Microsoft finance chief Amy Hood issued fourth-quarter guidance of $54.85 billion to $55.85 billion in revenue. The middle of the range is greater than the $54.84 billion consensus estimate. Separately, the UK’s Competition and Markets Authority on Wednesday blocked Microsoft’s acquisition of video game firm Activision Blizzard, weighing on the tech stock.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MSFT  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Alphabet** — Alphabet shares were flat before the bell even after the Google parent beat both earnings and revenue expectations for the recent quarter and announced a $70 billion share buyback plan. Ad revenue beat estimates but fell from a year ago.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** GOOGL  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Chipotle Mexican Grill** — Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill gained more than 7% in premarket trading after the burrito chain posted a top and bottom line beat for the most recent quarter. The company benefited during the period from strong same-store sales growth and said traffic grew despite a hike in menu prices.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** CMG  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **ServiceNow** — The digital workflow company’s shares gained 3.1% after falling more than 6% during Tuesday’s session, when Infosys announced its collaboration with ServiceNow. ServiceNow will be announcing its quarterly earnings Wednesday after the bell.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** NOW  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Amazon** — The e-commerce giant saw its stock climb 2.8% in premarket trading. The gain came after fellow tech-related giant Microsoft reported quarterly earnings that exceeded expectations, boosting sentiment for Amazon. The company reports numbers Thursday after the bell.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** AMZN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Thermo Fisher Scientific** — Shares fell 3.9% after Thermo Fisher Scientific reported first-quarter earnings that came in line with expectations. The Massachusetts-based supplier of scientific instruments reported adjusted per-share earnings of $5.03, in line with a StreetAccount estimate. Thermo Fisher Scientific did beat revenue expectations, reporting revenue of $10.71 billion, greater than the $10.65 billion estimate.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** TMO  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Coinbase** — The cryptocurrency exchange added 5% in the premarket alongside a jump in cryptocurrency prices, including Bitcoins 5% rise. H.C. Wainwright also initiated coverage of Coinbase with a buy rating and $75 price target, which implies 34% upside from Tuesday’s close.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** COIN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  #**FULL DISCLOSURE:**  &gt; /u/bigbear0083 has no positions in any stocks mentioned. Reddit, moderators, and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts. Analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk.  *****  #**DISCUSS!**  What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/stocks?  *****  # **I hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this Wednesday, April 26th, 2023! :)**,;,; 2023-04-26 11:23:49]
[Everything I'm watching and Analysing in premarket 16/01. Includes analysis of Tesla, Forex and Levels to Watch for the day,;,; **ANALYSIS:**  * We are seeing a slight decline in premarket. That’s in part due to the sell off in AAPL and TSLA, which are big components of the indices.  * But we can look more into it and see that there have been a rebalancing of rate cut bets for March this morning, following UK employment data. The chance of rate cut in march is now showing at 66% vs 77% on Friday on CME Fedwatch tool, with chance of no cut rising to 30%.     * This is the result of the move higher in USD in premarket, reaching 1 month highs at the key level of 103.3 on DXY.     * This is in part due to UK employment data which came strong, even though the wage growth came in lower, which led GBP lower.     * We cans ee that because of this volatility in the dollar in premarket, traders are hedging with OTM put options, which has brought skew down slightly. But money flow block traders remain v high.     * Vix has jumped, will likely come down and can fuel buy the dip later in session.    This is confirmed by selling of puts on nasdaq.     * Key levels to watch on TESLA are at 200, a smaller level at 210. * Key level on AAPL is 180. * NVDA and MSFt, both of which have more bullish positioning than other Mag 7 firms, are both green in premarket, but barely.      **Let’s look at positioning on IWM, since I have been requested this a few times.**      * Spot price is below the key gamma level of 195, and block trade flows are showing increased short selling from hedge funds. Skew is lwoer too.  * All in all, it looks like IWM is positioned to move lower in short term. * We can see from the blue line below that hedge funds have been taking profit since the start of the year.  * Main options are selling fo call options which is bearish.     * [      * Theres a gamma level at 190, which is likely to be the low of the day.    Below that, Put support is at 185.       **Now a bit on FX:**  * Skew is pulling back a bit on EURUSD after data this morning. We are seeing traders hedge their long with OTM put with strike 1.08. * Still, open interest on 1.10 is v high, we can expect a reversal tot here hopefully soon, depending on data.      **INSTITUTIONAL RESEARCH**     * Goldman Sachs released a report that earnings momentum has trended down since the start of Q4 2023, following weakness in Euro area PMIs. They highlighted the chart below to show how profit downgrades have outpaced profit upgrades over the past few months, despite equity prices moving higher. They used this as evidence to suggest equity prices can do some correction this earnings season.  * [      * Deutsche Bank put out a piece where they were clear outliers against the consensus expectation for Q4 2023 earnings to tick lower. Dutch bank. Expects them to come out at record highs.  * [      * Blackrock put out a piece where they argued that the optimism on rate cuts in the US is currently overdone. In a similar piece, Barclays moved back their expectation of first rate cuts in March, now expecting the first rate cut to be in June. Goldman is currently an outlier, as they still anticipate first rate cut for Fed in March, with ECB and BOE tor ollow later.      * Bank of America said in their EPFR report that flows into equity funds went negative this past week to -9.5b from +4.4b the week before.      **DATA LEDE:**  * Australia WESTPAC consumer confidence index decline slightly from 82.1 to 81. It has remained in this range of 79 to 82 for much of the year so this is no major concern.     * Japan PPI comes in hotter than expected, at 0.3% MOM vs 0% forecast. YOY at 0% vs -0.3% forecast.   PPI is a leading indicator of CPI. YOY flat for first time since feb 2021, no increase. That’s probably not great for BOJ who want to see persistently higher inflation.    * **UK EMPLOYMENt NUMBERS:**   Employment change came stronger than expected at 73k vs 50k forecast. This is the highest read since April last year. Points to a stronger than expected jobs market.    Unemployment rate came in line with expectations at 4.2%   Average earnigns incl bonus came less than expected, at 6.5% vs 6.8% forecast.     * We can see it was a mixed bag. Jobs report mostly came stronger than expected, in the headline employment change number, but the wage inflation aspect came less than expected, and that’s indicative of future services inflation.    GBP mostly flat on this, although USD is higher, which is hurting the GBPUSD pair.    Makes sense GBP relatively flat as rate cut bets are steady after the data, with 134BPS of 2024 cuts priced.     * **ZEW economic index for Euro and Germany both came stronger than expected, Germany’s came as highest since February last year.**    Survey showed that more than 2/3 of respondents expect rate cuts by Fed in next 6 months.      **FOREX:**  * AUD is following Chinese markets lower, compounded by the weaker confidence number.     * GBP itself is relatively flat, slightly lower following employment change, but USD is rallying which is hurting the GBPUSD pair. Makes sense GBP relatively flat as rate cut bets are steady after the data, with 134BPS of 2024 cuts priced.     * Euro partly lower as 1 year inflation expectations drop to 1.5 year low.     * Yen slightly higher after PPI numbers, but USDJPY higher on rising dollar.     * DXY up 0.6% to a key level of 103.3    * AUDUSD sitting at 0.66 key level.  * EURUSD broke below 1.09 level * GBP 1.26 as support.      **MARKETS:**  * European markets lower as they follow EURUSD lower this morning. Yesterday was at resistance of 16800, but fell yesterday back to 16.6k. Continued lower during Asian session, then during Europe open.     * HKG50 - broke 16k, now trading at 15.87k. Moving lower as Taiwan election and lack of rate cuts yesterday hurt sentiment slightly.     * SPX: Rejected at 4800 on Friday. Yesterday was flat due to public holiday, around 4780. Moved slightly lwoer during European session.    AAPL weighing on index, down 1.8% in premarket. TSLA down 1.7%    * NASDAQ: down 0.5% in premarket, trading at 16,750. Its below the 2021 high, will be trying to recover this level. Can get rejected there.     * Oil - North Dakota oil production is down 400k barrels per day due to freezing weather, which as a supply restriction, should support price. The fundamentals of the oil market with the Rede Sea tensions is supporting oil, as it maintains the green despite rising dollar which would normally Drag oil into the red.     * US Bond yields moving slightly higher today.      **KEY LEVELS TO WATCH BASED ON THE OPTIONS MARKET:**     * **SPX**: * Call resistance remains at 4800. This will be a big barrier to break and will be a big resistance.    We are seeing some gamma building on 4825, but is small. But some traders are looking higher now.  * HVL is 4745, there’s a big gamma level around 4750-4745. We can expect this to act as some support.     * Low of the day if we get there is likely to be 4740, says my quant.    4750/4745 to offer some support before then probably.  * High of the day likely to be 4800.    * These levels were drawn without the TESLA, AAPL news included. A big move in AAPL and TESLA and these levels can break.     * **QQQ**: * Call resistance at 410 which will be hard to break.  * If we do break that then next gamma level up is at 412.     * Key areas of support are at 406 which is the HVL   Then below that, the min of the day that my quant is telling me is 404. Expect a bounce from there.     * That’s around the low of the day from Thursday for those wondering.      **MAG 7 NEWS:**     * AAPL - has offered Chinese customers a 5% discount on iPhone 15s, in a bid to try to drum up demand, in what is currently a flagging market for them.     * AAPL has also decided to remove their blood oxygen sensor from their watch, in order to avoid the US ban. US customs has said that with this change, they won’t be subject to the ban. AAPL working to roll out the adjusted watch. The ruling for the ban has been taken to an appeals court and expected verdict is today.     * TSLA - Musk has expressed a need to maintain at least 25% stake in Tesla, stating that if such control is not retained, he would prefer to develop AI products outside of the company.     * MSFT - opening up its Ai copilot to consumers and making corporate version available to smaller companies,. The consumer version will be 20 a month.     * NVDA - maintained at overweight by Keybanc.      **COMPANY SPECIFIC NEWS:**  * GOLDMAN AND MORGAN STNALEY EARNINGS. - I don’t trade banking stocks so not reading them too in depth in premarket. Will give them proper look later.  * Here’s the headline from GS:   Revenue of 11.32B beat by 4.5%   EPS came 5.48 which was a big beat by 65% vs expectation   Assets under management beat expectations by 1.5%   Trading revenue fell short at 2.03B, missing by 22%   Global Banking revenue was amiss by 1.4%    * FDX - is launching its own commerce platform for merchants, called FDX Today. This will offer merchants services such as demand generation, fulfilment etc, in what is essentially a competition to Amazon.     * SNPS finalises $35b deal to buy ANSS.    * BA - Wells Fargo downgrades to equal weight rom overweight, with price target of 225 from 280.     * DE - partnership with SpaceX to link their equipment.     * UBER - shuttering alcohol delivery service Drizly, which they bought for 1.1b 3 years ago.     * Chinese stocks will be lower following Hong Kong market lwoer, particularly XPENG despite it beginning X9 deliveries in China. This is because they are facing CHina related pressure and Tesla related pressure as TESLa will drag the Ev sector down.    * BIDU down on report that links Ernie Bot to PLA AI, and military using AI.     * CPNG lwoer dragged with Asian stocks.     * LEVI cut to equal by Wells Fargo, price target still 13% above spot.     * MTZ downgraded at Baird    * PYPL downgraded at Mizuho    * FTNT down on downgrade from Wells Fargo on billings slowdown.     * INMD - up after issuing guidance for EPS outlook above expectations. Guidance of 126-126.5m vs consensus of 123m. So 3% above expectations.    EPS to be 0.68-0.69, vs exp of 0.61. thats 12% above spot.     * TSCO - downgraded at Morgan Stanley to underweight, price target 195, which is 14% below spot.     * SBUX - upgraded at Morgan Stanley     * NXT - Goldman Sachs initiated coverage on NextTracker, at buy, price target more than 25% above spot.     * AMD - maintained at overweight by Keybanc. Price target 195, current price 147    * Oil stocks slightly higher, including CVE which is up 4% after getting Buy from RBC   ———      **OTHER NEWS:**  * China is considering 1 trillion YUAN ($139b) of new debt issuance as part of more stimulus plans.    * Chinese authorities told institutional investors not to sell stocks.     * PBOC kept their policy rate unchanged yesterday, despite speculation that they would be cutting. China’s treasury rates declined, and equity markets sold off.     * Taiwan presidency goes to Lai, although he has no parliamentary majority. This is considered a victory for democracies, and Beijing had labelled him an instigator of War. This could lead to an escalation of tensions, although Lai has affirmed his commitment to keep peace in the Taiwan Strait, and has said he will talk to China on the basis of dignity and peace.    Congress leaders agree to stopgap funding measure, which will fund government through March 1st and March 8th, stopping partial shutdown.     * US lawmakers set to unveil $80b tax package today.    * Consumer expectations for euro zone inflation fell to the lowest level in more than 1 and a half years in November, which could support cuts to be on their way soon. Note that a number of ECB officials this week have walked back rate cut expectations, led particularly by Holzmann.     * North Dakota oil production is down 400k barrels per day due to freezing weather, bullish for oil.     * IMF Says that China needs reform in order to halt significant growth declines.     * Red Sea tensions worsen: Over the weekend, US said that Yemen launched a cruise missile at a US ship, which was intercepted. Houthi say the attacks are due to continue in what is further risk to the shipping industry. Note that the graph below that I have found, does show that despite these ongoing risks, shipping rates haven’t in fact risen much so take any fear mongering about this with a pinch of salt.    * [      * A number of ECB officials have been walking back the dovishness of imminent rate cuts. ECB’s Nagel, Holzmann and Villeroy have all said that talks about rate cuts are coming too early.    The DAVOS conference is going on which is why so many ECB officials are talking.     * Goldman Sachs ahs raised US GDP growth forecasts to 2.3% from 2.1% earlier.     * Bank of America poll shows US stock optimism at highest level since 2021.     * Earthquake reported in Japan again - no Tsunami warning.     * Bank of America fund manager survey shows that 41% of participants do not see any recession in 2024.     * Hugo Boss down 13% after Q4 results missed estimates. ,;,; 2024-01-16 13:21:34]
[The future picks and shovels of AI may not be GPUs but ASICs, following the crypto trajectory. GOOGL and the dreaded Samsung appear to be the leaders in this space. What is the highest-weighted Samsung ETF and what are other industry-leading AI FPGA/ASICs tickers?,;,; For context and a disclaimer, I own NVDA (and AAPL and ASML) in this space, having ridden through the last crash and rebound without checking my portfolio and counting fake money, but I am overexposed and don't want to add to the overweighted positions now.   I think that NVDA will always be an important company at the forefront of AI research, there is a good chance that NVDA's trajectory could be similar to its performance after the fall of cr*pto for the same reasons. In NVDA's favor, you can read any AI paper, which will be benchmarked on NVDA GPUs, download the requisite libraries, and do it yourself. It is a royal pain to implement algorithms on any other GPU even if you found a programmer with a 5-page blog post about how to do it with lots of particular versions of out-dated libraries, so I own NVDA. CUDA rocks, but NVDA doesn't want to let it out. Metal for OSX is pretty good, but no one uses it and AAPL doesn't do serious system on a chip cluster/cloud computing yet, though they will have an announcement 2-3 years out given Tim Cook's slow feet. For example, we are going to see AAPL AR/VR this week, but he probably didn't shovel out AAPL's piles of cash until FB announced that it was now Meta and that Zuckerberg would be the lord of the metaverse with the most awesome meta-real-estate.  Back to the previous fall of NVDA, you could once pool mine shitcoins with GPUs, I've done it, but that became energetically unprofitable when people found a cheaper way to do it, first with FPGAs and then with ASICs, which require millions and millions more to make work once you know exactly what you need to make. The advantage is that fewer operations occur with parallelizable algorithms, and FPGAs use less energy than do-anything GPU/CPU computations, but they are an expensive pain to program. When you are absolutely done building a better mousetrap, ASICs use the least amount of energy and can perform operations much faster and price-out GPUs in terms of upfront costs (once printed) and recurring energy costs. There was a time when you couldn't but NVDA's best GPUs for gaming because people were using them to mine shitcoins (diclaimer: I own a less than 5% stake of ETH2, and negligible bitcoin, only as an alternative to shit-yield savings accounts, which would be better off in treasuries anyway). I digress. A point came where it was dumb to mine with GPUs because ASICs arrived, and proof-of-work algorithms made it dumb to mine in the first place, which was waste of carbon footprint in the first place. Then, NVDA GPU prices crashed along with NVDA stock, but NVDA was still the machine learning leader. At some point, this will happen to NVDA again. MSFT is already shoveling cash at AMD to build their next AI supercomputer to undercut NVDA prices, but AMD's price is too high right now for me, even when I love tech stocks as I don't plan to retire for decades, and I think AMD won't win with their GPUs in the very long term because of ASICs, even if they make a CUDA-clone language and open source it.    Years ago, a paper titled "Attention is all you need" rocked the AI world and spawned GPT, GPT2, up to GPT4. Given the fifth largest GPU-based supercomptuer, a search engine's worth of data that people gave away, you can build a great AI mousetrap that can do the job students and corporate middle managers and pencil pushers. In a decade or two, programming complex programs with human-levels of bugs and mistakes will be a reality. We have a good mousetrap. Googles TPU v4 supercomputers use optics-based AI ASICs produced and patented by Samsung. I used to be a fan of Samsung, but then new management took over and it has dived off a cliff. Their appliances have the performance of robots bathed in saltwater, and I swore of Samsung phones after using them since forever when they started pushing shit malware games and apps onto my phone with every urgent security update, and every new phone increasingly locked app developers out of the real hardware, so you could use the Samsung app for a camera, but nothing else. But, and please correct me if I am wrong, I think Samsung may be the current leader in AI ASICs. I thinking GOOGL is still behind and their new Samsung-based supercomputer is the wrong mousetrap, but GOOGL programmers have certainly already been tasked with building a GOOGL v5 supercomputer that is dedicated to the transformers that underpin GPT through GPT4. I don't own GOOGL, but I may buy it during market corrections.    Unfortunately, I don't have hundreds of K for an international account, and the Samsung OTC ticker doesn't correlate with Samsung's price in Korea and I don't trust it. I read about ETFs trying to reduce Samsung's weight, but I want an ETF that is dominated by it. Samsung still makes great sensors, invests heavily in research, and some departments within the fetid bureaucracy are still highly competent. So, please offer any ETF suggestions. I am fine with also investing in Korea's broader tech industry, despite the problems with Asian tech companies and their lagging China-based supply chains and the problems with China deciding that money is no longer free in its state-based kleptocracy economy.   Please send me any tickers that I can research that may not have caught the current AI wave and that might still be well positioned for large future returns assuming that AI ASICs become the future, which I feel is a given. This might include companies dedicated to programming FPGAs and ASICs.,;,; 2023-06-02 16:41:58]
[4 Tech stocks benefiting from the AI boom.,;,; The world of artificial intelligence (AI) these days is overwhelmingly dominated by discussions on generative AI and its implications. Simply put, generative AI is a form of machine learning through which AI software can produce text, video, images, and more. Basically, generative AI can produce any form of content on the basis of prompts. This form of AI became more widespread and renowned after the launch of ChatGPT and similar generative AI platforms, which revolutionized the AI sector while pulling in major tech companies to become part of the AI race.        This form of AI and its impact on the markets was discussed by Jim Stewart, a New York Times columnist, on CNBC's 'Squawk on the Street' on June 16. According to Stewart, big tech companies, especially those that are AI beneficiaries, have been leading the recent stock market rally. These include companies such as Microsoft Corporation ($MSFT), Alphabet Inc. ($GOOG), and NVIDIA Corporation ($NVDA). Stewart claimed that he was bullish on AI, especially considering the fact that this technology could boost productivity gains across different fields, including journalism.        **AI and the US Stock Market**    In May, NVIDIA Corporation ($NVDA) joined the group of companies with valuations in trillions of dollars. Many financial professionals today are attributing the gains of the S&amp;P 500 to AI, primarily, with the focus being on NVIDIA Corporation ($NVDA) and other big tech companies that have begun incorporating AI and generative AI in their products and services.        This overwhelming focus on a select few number of companies that can successfully play the AI boom and come out victorious has led to many investors worrying that the stock market in 2023 will turn into a selection of a few winners and a lot more losers. The S&amp;P 500 has "basically been the S&amp;P 7," a reference to the fact that only seven major tech companies have been calling the shots so far in 2023, leading the market to heavily rely on them and their gains.        **"You Are At The Starting Line Of AI"**    This reality has led many professionals and corporations to realize that the AI boom is very real and may be here to stay. Companies today will be bound to figure out where they stand in this environment and how they can integrate AI into their business models to reap the benefits of this technological revolution. NVIDIA Corporation's ($NVDA) CEO, Jensen Huang, in an address at the National Taiwan University in May, stated that we are currently at "the starting line of AI" and that at this moment, we should run instead of walking. The implications of his statement are many, but perhaps the most obvious lesson to take away from Huang's speech is that companies and individuals today shouldn't be slow to join the AI race - they should try their best to become part of it and ensure they don't end up getting left behind by their competitors.        Keeping the above-mentioned market dynamics and developments in mind, I have compiled a list of the top tech stocks to consider investing in to play the AI boom. I included the obvious stock picks because of their contributions to this industry so far, but I also attempted to find other companies that wouldn't be the first to come to your mind when looking at AI beneficiaries today.   # Our Methodology    To select our stocks, I  looked at which companies analysts are expecting to benefit from the AI boom and shortlisted them based on the number of hedge funds holding stakes in them by using Insider Monkey's hedge fund data for the first quarter of 2023. The stocks are ranked based on this metric, from the lowest to the highest number of hedge funds long each of them.  # Tech Stocks Benefiting From The AI Boom      **1. Oracle Corporation ($ORCL)**       On June 13, Keith Bachman at BMO Capital raised his price target on Oracle Corporation ($ORCL) from $96 to $132. The analyst also holds a Market Perform rating on the stock.        Oracle Corporation ($ORCL) is an information technology company based in Austin, Texas. The company's products and services address enterprise information technology environments across the world.        I saw 67 hedge funds long Oracle Corporation ($ORCL) in the first quarter, with a total stake value of $2.9 billion.        TD Cowen's John Blackledge expects Oracle Corporation ($ORCL) to benefit from the current AI boom because its cloud-computing platform can offer it some competitive advantages.        First Eagle Investment Management held 20.7 million shares in Oracle Corporation ($ORCL) at the end of the first quarter, making it the largest shareholder in the company.  **2. CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ($CRWD)**        CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ($CRWD) is an information technology company offering cybersecurity products and services. It is based in Austin, Texas.        There were 72 hedge funds holding stakes in CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ($CRWD) at the end of the first quarter. Their total stake value in the company was $2.4 billion.        CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ($CRWD) may be an interesting stock pick to play the AI boom considering the company has recently announced new AI-powered indicators of attack (IoA) models. These models can combat advanced adversary tradecraft by using machine intelligence to stop breaches.        Tal Liani at Bank of America holds a Buy rating on CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ($CRWD) shares as of June 16. The analyst also raised the firm's price target on the stock from $162 to $190.  **3. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ($AMD)**        Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ($AMD) was spotted in the portfolios of 91 hedge funds in the first quarter, with a total stake value of $4.9 billion.        Based in Santa Clara, California, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ($AMD) is a semiconductor company that operates globally.        Joseph Moore, an analyst at Morgan Stanley, raised his price target on Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ($AMD) shares on June 16 from $97 to $138. The analyst also holds an Overweight rating on the shares.        Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ($AMD) is a chipmaker that TD Cowen's John Blackledge has picked as one of his tech stocks to play the AI boom. This is unsurprising considering the fact that this June, the company revealed its new AI chip in its race with NVIDIA Corporation ($NVDA). The new MI300X chip was described by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ($AMD) as "the world's most advances accelerator for generative AI."        Citadel Investment Group held 13.9 million shares in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ($AMD) at the end of the first quarter, making the fund the most prominent shareholder in the company for that quarter.  **4. Adobe Inc. ($ADBE)**        Adobe Inc. ($ADBE) is a diversified software and information technology company based in San Jose, California. The company's flagship product is its Creative Cloud, a subscription service offering members access to its creative products.        John Blackledge at TD Cowen sees Adobe Inc. ($ADBE) as a smart AI play because the company has begun rolling out new generative-AI content creation tools.        An Outperform rating was reiterated on Adobe Inc. ($ADBE) shares on June 16 by Kirk Materne at Evercore ISI. The analyst also raised his price target on the stock from $475 to $590.        A total of 99 hedge funds were long Adobe Inc. ($ADBE) in the first quarter, with a total stake value of $7.3 billion.  **4. Apple Inc. ($AAPL)**        Apple Inc. ($AAPL) may not be the first big tech company that comes to your mind when looking for AI plays, but with the company's new Vision Pro headset, some believe it may be getting involved in the machine learning space more than before.        Analysts at Bernstein hold a Market Perform rating and a $175 price target on Apple Inc. ($AAPL) shares as of June 14.        Our hedge fund data for the first quarter shows 131 hedge funds long Apple Inc. ($AAPL). Their total stake value was $165 billion.        Holding 915.6 million shares in the company, Berkshire Hathaway was the largest stakeholder in Apple Inc. ($AAPL) at the end of the first quarter.,;,; 2023-06-21 06:45:44]
[Wall Street Week Ahead for the trading week beginning April 24th, 2023,;,; Good Friday evening to all of you here on r/stocks! I hope everyone on this sub made out pretty nicely in the market this week, and are ready for the new trading week ahead. :)  Here is everything you need to know to get you ready for the trading week beginning April 24th, 2023.  # **Stocks end Friday’s session little changed, Dow snaps 4-week win streak: Live updates - [(Source)]( ***** &gt; The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended little changed Friday and finished lower for the week as investors evaluated the latest earnings results and concerns of disappointing profits. ***** &gt; The 30-stock index added 22.34 points, or 0.07%, to end at 33,808.96, while the S&amp;P 500 eked out a 0.09% gain to settle at 4,133.52. The Nasdaq Composite rose 0.11% to close at 12,072.46. ***** &gt; All major indices finished the week in the red, with the Dow falling 0.23% to snap a four-week win streak. The tech-heavy Nasdaq saw the biggest decline, falling 0.42%, while the S&amp;P slipped 0.1%. ***** &gt; “There’s the continued push-pull of the fact that the economy has been a lot more resilient than many people expected and corporate earnings have held up pretty well, all things considered,” said Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Independent Advisor Alliance. ***** &gt; Even so, he noted that the Federal Reserve has raised rates substantially over the last year. Zaccarelli said that even if the central bank hikes as anticipated in May, it will likely hold rates at a higher level than the market expects. ***** &gt; “You can kind of see the the bull and bear case really right there in a nutshell as far as resilient economy with stronger-than-expected corporate earnings versus a very hot, very restrictive monetary policy coming from the Fed,” he said. ***** &gt; Earnings season continued Friday, with results from Procter &amp; Gamble. The consumer products company gained 3.5% after beating expectations and lifting it sales forecast. As of Friday morning, 76% of S&amp;P 500 companies reporting earnings so far have beaten analyst EPS estimates, according to FactSet. ***** &gt; Elsewhere, materials stocks were the worst performers, with Freeport-McMoRan falling 4.1%. Albemarle tumbled 10% as Chile said it would nationalize its lithium industry. ***** &gt; While companies broadly beat expectations this week, overall profit reports failed to boost stocks, with some investors fearing an earnings drop looms with a likely recession ahead. ***** &gt; “So far, earnings season is off to an uneventful start, with many companies meeting already reduced earnings expectations and that helps to explain the lack of movement in the major stock indices over the past few days,” said Carol Schleif, chief investment officer at BMO Family Office, adding that she expects stocks to trade in a tight range for some time. ***** &gt; Earnings continue next week with results on deck from Big Tech companies Amazon, Alphabet, Meta Platforms and Microsoft.  *****  # **This past week saw the following moves in the S&amp;P:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL S&amp;P TREE MAP FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE S&amp;P SECTORS FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Indices for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR INDICES FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Futures Markets as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR FUTURES INDICES AS OF FRIDAY!](  # **Economic Calendar for the Week Ahead:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL ECONOMIC CALENDAR FOR THE WEEK AHEAD!](  # **Percentage Changes for the Major Indices, WTD, MTD, QTD, YTD as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for the Past Week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Pullback/Correction Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Rally Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Here are the upcoming IPO's for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Friday's Stock Analyst Upgrades &amp; Downgrades:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #1!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #2!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #3!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #4!](   *****  &gt; # Lithium: The Cycle Continues  &gt; If you haven't checked the price of lithium lately, you might be in for a surprise. Spot prices for lithium carbonate in China have collapsed by two-thirds since hitting record highs in November of last year. Prices have gone from $84k per ton to $25k per ton. That unwinds the vast majority of a spectacular surge that played out from 2020 to 2022. Lithium initially surged 1,279% from July 2020 to March 2022 as part of the broader explosion of commodity prices and booming demand for electric vehicles, eventually peaking up 1,387% from the post-COVID lows. It's easy to forget that this critical battery input had already gone through one such cycle. A 224% rally in 6 months during late 2015 and early 2016 before a long, slow bear market that saw prices down 78% over several years.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; In the equity market, the price cycle hasn't been as dramatic in percentage terms, but there has still nonetheless been a double cycle of surging stock prices in 2016 followed by a grinding bear market, and then an even more dramatic surge through late 2022 that is now sliding into reverse. On Thursday, Chile's government announced reforms to its lithium extraction policy. While existing contracts with firms that operate in the rich lithium brine deposits of the Chilean Atacama desert will be honored, the market is looking at weaker lithium prices and the fact that existing contracts will be replaced by less favorable ones 10+ years down the line and hitting lithium players. SQM is off 21% today while ALB is 10% lower.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # April 2nd Half Strength After Tax Deadline  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; 1st half of April used to outperform the second half, but since 1994 that has not been the case. Traders are more focused on Q1 earnings and guidance during April than the Tax Deadline nowadays.  &gt; Expectations are low for earnings season and next week is a big week with 35% of S&amp;P 500 stocks reporting next week including AMZN, GOOGL, META &amp; MSFT, compared to less than 12% this week and 2% last week (Hat tip @ScottSchnipper @CNBC @CNBCPro). Better than expected results and upbeat guidance could rally stocks into month-end.  &gt; These 2 charts show how April is tracking usual performance over the last 21 years as well as during pre-election years. April is clearly weaker than normal, yet the market is still tracking the directional trends.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](    *****  &gt; # Jobless Claims Nearing New Highs  &gt; Jobless claims have continued to weaken with this week's release, rising by 5K to 245K versus expectations of no change from last week's upwardly revised 240K print. At current levels, claims sit at the high end of the range since the start of 2022 and only a couple thousand below last month's high.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Prior to seasonal adjustment, claims have essentially come in right inline with the reading for the same week last year and the few years prior to the pandemic. As shown in the second chart below, claims tend to experience a little bit of a bounce around this point of the year before resuming a move lower through the late spring.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Continuing claims were equally disappointing this week rising to 1.865 million, 40K above expectations. Although the increase to initial claims has not resulted in a new high, the 61K increase for continuing claims leaves the indicator at the highest level since late November 2021.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Homebuilders Breaking Out Like It's...  &gt; It's hard to get over how well the homebuilder stocks have been performing lately. As shown in the charts below of stocks in the S&amp;P 1500 Homebuilder group, these names are nearly universally in steep six-month uptrends and breaking out as we type.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!]( &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Below is another way to see just how crazy the run has been for the S&amp;P 1500 Homebuilder stocks lately. Most names are now up 30-40% year-to-date after rallying 5-10% over the last week. This has pushed them ~10% above their 50-DMAs, and many are trading more than two (or even three for some) standard deviations above their 50-DMAs in extreme overbought territory.  &gt; "Mr. Market" has either lost its mind or it's predicting that all the current worries about housing in the months and quarters ahead are misguided.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Sell in May and go away – Maybe, it depends  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; In the above table the “Worst Months” performance of DJIA, S&amp;P 500, and NASDAQ have been separated by year of the four-year-presidential-election cycle going back to 1951 for DJIA and S&amp;P 500 and 1971 for NASDAQ. NASDAQ’s “Worst Months” are July through October compared to May to October for DJIA and S&amp;P 500. Even though pre-election years have historically been the best performing year of the four-year cycle, performance during the “Worst Months” has not been the least bit impressive. In 18 pre-election year “Worst Months” periods, DJIA has averaged a meager 1.14%. S&amp;P 500 is only slightly better +1.81% while NASDAQ’s average is under 1%. Frequency of gains or percentage of time higher in pre-election years “Worst Months” is only slightly better than 50-50.  &gt; Because of the elevated level of risk that has been historically observed during the “Worst Six Months” of the year and its historically tepid returns, reducing long exposure and developing a defensive strategy is the approach taken in the Almanac Investor Stock and ETF Portfolios. We do not merely “sell in May and go away.” Instead, we take some profits, trim or outright sell underperforming stock and ETF positions, tighten stop losses and limit adding new long exposure to positions from sectors that have a demonstrated a record of outperforming during the “Worst Months” period.  &gt; For those with a lower risk tolerance or a desire to take a break from trading, the “Worst Months” are a great opportunity to unwind some longs and move into the relative safety of cash, Treasury bonds, gold and/or some combination of traditional defensive assets. For the first time in over a decade, cash can currently earn something other than zero. Preservation of capital may be more important than growth and with historical averages and frequency of gains reduced; the “Worst Six Months” are a good time to simply step aside if you prefer. August, September and/or October have provided some excellent buying opportunities over the years and could do the same again this year.  *****  &gt; # Sector Breadth All Over the Place  &gt; In terms of price, the Industrials sector remains 5.75% below its high from January of last year and has yet to even take out the highs from earlier this year, but breadth has been more constructive recently. Just yesterday, the cumulative advance/decline line hit a new all time high.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Although that measure of breadth is making promising moves, other breadth measures have not exactly echoed that strength. In spite of the record high in the cumulative A/D line Monday, only 37% of the sector's stocks finished above their 50-DMAs. As shown below, of all other instances of a record high in the cumulative AD line, there has never been such a low reading in the percentage of stocks above their 50-DMAs. In fact, no other readings have even crossed into the 30% range! For the vast majority of previous highs, the percentage of stocks above their 50-DMAs has sat at 70% or more.   &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; All that is to say that most Industrials sector stocks are moving higher, but have not yet moved above potential resistance at their 50-DMAs. And even though the reading on the percentage of stocks above their 50-DMAs is low at the moment, that is not to say it is not improving rapidly. As shown below, it has risen sharply from the low of 19.18% on April 6th. Furthermore, whereas Monday's close only saw 37% of the sector finish above their 50-DMAs, as of mid-morning Tuesday the reading is already up another 8.2 percentage points to 45.2% as the average stock in the sector trades just 7 bps below its 50-DMA.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Volatility Is The Toll We Pay  &gt; “It’s a proprietary strategy. I can’t go into it in great detail.” – Bernie Madoff  &gt; Although Bernie Madoff was quite vague when asked how he had a strategy that printed money month after month when no one else could match it, as investors we know one thing and that is markets don’t always go straight up.  &gt; Burt White, our Managing Director and Chief Strategy Officer, likes to say that volatility is the toll we pay to invest. No one wants to pay a toll, but sometimes you just have to do it to get where you are going. When I lived in Charlotte and would drive back up to Ohio for holidays, I’d have to pay the great state of West Virginia $4.25 three different times on I-77. I didn’t like it, but Santa brought the kids presents up there and I had to do it.  &gt; Getting back to the stock market, volatility is that toll that we pay for enjoying longer-term returns. Below is a great chart that sums it up and thanks to our friends at Ned Davis Research for helping us with the data.  &gt; Here’s what you need to know regarding the S&amp;P 500:  &gt; Each year sees more than seven different 3% percent dips. More than three times a year do stocks correct 5%. About once a year on average sees a 10% correction. A 15% major correction happens every year-and-a-half. A 20% bear markets happens about every three years.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Another quote I like is from Regis Philbin when he said, “I’m involved in the stock market, which is fun, but sometimes very painful.” Well, this year has been fun for investors, but last year was quite painful.  &gt; After more than a 120% rally off the March 2020 lows, maybe the bear market we saw last year shouldn’t have caught as many investors off guard like it did? We didn’t quite see a 25% bear market happening last year, but we expected as much as a 15% correction at some point. With the historically aggressive Fed, inflation soaring, China lockdowns, the war, and supply chains in disarray, it was a perfect cocktail for a bear market.  &gt; The truth though is we get spoiled by the good times and when the rough times hit, we are almost surprised that bad times ever happen. Well, they do happen and it is all part of investing, or the toll we pay to invest. Just know this, volatility and bear markets have happened before and will happen again. The good new though is after this bad times, likely better times will be coming!  *****  # **STOCK MARKET VIDEO: Stock Market Analysis Video for Week Ending April 21st, 2023**  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE YOUTUBE VIDEO!]())** (VIDEO NOT YET POSTED.)  # **STOCK MARKET VIDEO: ShadowTrader Video Weekly 4/23/23**  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE YOUTUBE VIDEO!]())** (VIDEO NOT YET POSTED.)  *****  Here are the most notable companies (tickers) reporting earnings in this upcoming trading week ahead-  *****  &gt; (*$AMZN $MSFT $META $FRC $KO $BA $VZ $GOOGL $UPS $ENPH $CLF $HAL $MCD $GM $GE $MMM $PEP $XOM $SPOT $INTC $AAL $V $ROKU $RTX $NEE $PHG $CAT $CVX $SNAP $LLY $VLO $LUV $BOH $MA $CROX $SIFY $JBLU $CMG $DOW $MO $ABBV $NOW $DHR $DX $NET $HUM $HLT $MRK $BMRC $PACW*)  *****  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S MOST NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S HIGHEST VOLATILITY EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR MONDAY'S PRE-MARKET NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  &gt; # (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.) **(T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.)** (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.).  &gt; #([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  # DISCUSS!  What are you all watching for in this upcoming trading week?  *****  I hope you all have a wonderful weekend and a great trading week ahead r/stocks. :),;,; 2023-04-21 21:20:05]
[Wall Street Week Ahead for the trading week beginning April 17th, 2023,;,; Good Friday evening to all of you here on r/stocks! I hope everyone on this sub made out pretty nicely in the market this week, and are ready for the new trading week ahead. :)  Here is everything you need to know to get you ready for the trading week beginning April 17th, 2023.  # **Dow sheds more than 100 points Friday, but notches fourth straight positive week: Live updates - [(Source)]( ***** &gt; The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell Friday, but was headed for a positive week, as investors assessed a weak retail sales report that dented enthusiasm around a stronger-than-expected start to corporate earnings. ***** &gt; The 30-stock Dow dropped 143.22 points, or about 0.42%, to 33,886.47. The S&amp;P 500 fell 0.21% to 4,137.64. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite slid 0.35% to 12,123.47. ***** &gt; The Dow, however, notched its fourth-straight positive week, rising 1.2%. The S&amp;P 500 and the Nasdaq, meanwhile, nabbed their fourth positive week in five. The broad-market index added 0.79% for the week, while the Nasdaq ticked higher by 0.29%. ***** &gt; Advance retail sales in March showed consumer spending fell twice as much as expected. Retail sales declined by 1% last month, more than the 0.5% drop expected by economists polled by Dow Jones, in part because consumers paid less for fuel. ***** &gt; “Retail sales came in weaker than expected, but a lot of the miss had to do with lower gas prices, which all things being equal is a slight positive for spending,” wrote Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Independent Advisor Alliance. ***** &gt; “Inflation has been coming down as gas prices have been coming down, but that can reverse in an instant, which would drive the headline numbers higher. What is more concerning is that core (which excludes food and gas prices) has been stubbornly high – and where we believe the risks to higher-rates-for-longer lie,” Zaccarelli added. ***** &gt; The disappointing retail sales data offset excitement around strong corporate earnings. JPMorgan Chase reported record revenue that beat analysts’ expectations, with the stock rising more than 7%. Wells Fargo shares briefly rose as much as 2.1% after the bank reported growing profits, before closing about flat. These were the first bank earnings since the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank last month. ***** &gt; Elsewhere, UnitedHealth, which has the biggest weighting in the Dow, fell 2.7% after what Mizuho described as a “modest beat and raise.” The action came after UnitedHealth said it’s spending more for new diabetes and weight loss drugs from Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly. ***** &gt; Meanwhile, Boeing closed lower by more than 5%. On Thursday, the aircraft maker warned of delivery delays for some of its 737 Max planes. ***** &gt; Expectations for this earnings season are downbeat. Analysts polled by Refinitiv expect S&amp;P 500 earnings fell more than 5% in the first quarter. That forecast comes as companies deal with persistent inflation and higher rates. ***** &gt; “The bar has never been set lower,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at B. Riley Financial. “My guess is with consensus expectations for the S&amp;P 500 to show earnings that are down some 5%, that may well be overstating what we actually find out.” ***** &gt; “I think that what’s going to be super important is the kind of guidance we get, and how confident that corporations will be in guiding for the next three quarters in the face of what likely will be a slower economy.” ***** &gt; Investors also assessed two back-to-back reports this week signaling cooling inflation. The March producer price index, a measure of prices paid by companies, declined 0.5% from the prior month, even as economists polled by Dow Jones expected prices to stay the same. Excluding food and energy, the index shed 0.1% from the prior month, while economists estimated a 0.2% month-to-month increase. ***** &gt; The PPI, which is considered a leading indicator of consumer inflation, bolstered a trend of easing inflation seen in the March consumer price index report released Wednesday. Consumer prices grew 5% on an annual basis, which was the smallest year-over-year increase in nearly two years.  *****  # **This past week saw the following moves in the S&amp;P:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL S&amp;P TREE MAP FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE S&amp;P SECTORS FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Indices for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR INDICES FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Futures Markets as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR FUTURES INDICES AS OF FRIDAY!](  # **Economic Calendar for the Week Ahead:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL ECONOMIC CALENDAR FOR THE WEEK AHEAD!](  # **Percentage Changes for the Major Indices, WTD, MTD, QTD, YTD as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for the Past Week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Pullback/Correction Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Rally Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Here are the upcoming IPO's for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Friday's Stock Analyst Upgrades &amp; Downgrades:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #1!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #2!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #3!](   *****  &gt; # Three More Bullish Signals The Bears Don’t Want To See  &gt; “If you don’t know where you want to get to….it doesn’t matter which way you go.” -The Cheshire Cat to Alice in Alice in Wonderland.  &gt; Stocks have continued to stage an impressive rally off the mid-March lows, so much so that we have now seen multiple rare and potentially bullish signals trigger. Today, I’ll take a look at three of these signals. Yes, by itself any one of these signals could be noise, but when you start stacking them on top of each other, like the Cheshire Cat said in the quote above, stocks likely want to go higher and we should be ready to know where they could head.  &gt; First up, the S&amp;P 500 had it’s best first quarter since 2019, up 7.0%, which came on the heels of 7.1% gain the quarter before. What happened after previous big first quarters? I found there were 16 other first quarters that gained at least 5% and the final three quarters of the year finished higher 15 times. Yes, the one year that didn’t work was 1987 and when people hear that year, they start to get worried. Well, stocks were up 40% for the year in August back then, so we’ll worry about having another 1987 if we see returns like that (which we don’t expect). Until then, this is another clue the bulls could have a nice 2023.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Next, we’ve heard a lot how only a few stocks are leading the overall markets higher. We don’t fully agree there and one way to show this is there was a recent sign of extreme buying pressure across many sectors and stocks. Using data from our friends at Ned Davis Research, more than 93% of the stocks in the NDR universe were recently above their 10-day moving average. All you need to know here is this is a rare sign of broad-based strength and a year later stocks were higher 23 out of 24 times with some very solid returns along the way.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Lastly, Marty Zweig is known as one of the best traders ever and he coined the Zweig Breadth Thrust (ZBT) indicator many years ago. Well, we just saw a rare trigger of this potentially bullish signal. To keep it simple, this signal looks at all the stocks on the NYSE and it looks for periods of extreme oversold periods moving to periods of extremely overbought in a short timeframe. Think of it as a washout and then heavy buying coming in, which tends to open the door to higher prices.  &gt; The table below shows the previous 14 ZBTs and what happened next. Wouldn’t you know it, but the S&amp;P 500 was higher a year later every single time. That is 14 out of 14 and up 23.3% on average. Sure, the sample size isn’t probably as large as we’d like to consider this statistically relevant, but I’d sure rather know this than ignore it.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Finally, here’s a chart showing the ZBTs. Sometimes a picture tells the story and one look at this, and it would be quite rare for this signal to trigger and for stocks to simply drop right back to new lows. In fact, usually it happens ahead of periods of strength.  *****  &gt; # First Republic and Other Banks See Large Jumps in Short Interest  &gt; Short interest figures get published every two weeks, and movements in short interest are a helpful way to gauge bull/bear positioning on individual names as well as groups and sectors. When a stock has a high percentage of shares sold short, it means that a lot of investors are betting against it. If a highly-shorted company manages to produce better than expected results, however, shares will often see outsized gains as many of those shorts rush to cover.  &gt; With bank failures and deposit flight emerging in March, causing two S&amp;P 500 bank stocks to fail and many other regional bank stocks to fall precipitously, we were interested to see how short interest levels changed during the month. End-of-month short interest figures for March were just recently published, and below is a table showing stocks in the S&amp;P 1500 that saw the biggest increases in short interest as a percentage of float (SIPF) during the month.  &gt; As shown, the two stocks that saw the biggest increases in short interest were First Republic Bank (FRC) and PacWest Bancorp (PACW). At the end of February, FRC only had 2.71% of its float sold short, but by the end of March, that figure had spiked to 29.51%. PacWest's jump in short interest was slightly less extreme, but it was extreme nonetheless, rising from 3.59% up to 20.56% in March. Another nine Financials are on the list of the 30 S&amp;P 1500 stocks that saw the biggest jumps in SIPF in March, while another five REITs made the list as well.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Below is a better look at just how much short interest spiked for First Republic (FRC) in March. While the bank did see a mini-spike in late 2018 when the broader market was struggling with another batch of Fed tightening, FRC's short interest normally sits between 0-5% of float. Now it's up to nearly 30%. For a stock that's down 94% from its highs, where do you think the risk/reward lies at this point?  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; In terms of the most heavily shorted stocks, only Big Lots (BIG) currently has a higher percentage of its float sold short than FRC in the S&amp;P 1500.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Below is a chart showing the average change in SIPF for stocks in the S&amp;P 1500 by industry group in the month of March. As shown, the Banks saw the biggest average jump at 0.78 ppts, followed by Telecom Services, Media &amp; Entertainment, and REITs. Stocks in the Consumer Durables &amp; Apparel group saw the largest decline in SIPF at -0.23 ppts.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Sentiment: Back to the 20s  &gt; Whereas last week saw a huge rebound in bullish sentiment after the S&amp;P 500's breakout above March highs, the more listless price action of the past week resulted in a modest turnaround in sentiment. The latest AAII sentiment survey showed only 26.1% of respondents reported as bullish compared to the recent high of 33.3% last week. The 7.2 percentage point decline was the largest one-week drop in bulls since the last week of February when it declined by 12.5 percentage points. That leaves bullish sentiment right in the middle of the range since the start of 2022.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Although bullish sentiment fell, without any considerable push lower for the S&amp;P 500, bearish sentiment went little changed falling just half of one percentage point down to 34.5%. Like last week, that remains the lowest reading since the week of February 16th.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; That means that all of the declines in bullish and bearish sentiment flowed to the neutral camp with a surge of 7.9 percentage points; the largest one-week increase since the first week of the year. At 39.5%, neutral sentiment is at the high end of the past few years' range and only 0.3 percentage points below the late February high.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; The AAII survey was not the only sentiment reading to take a more bearish tone this week. The NAAIM Exposure index's latest release today showed investment managers reduced equity exposure. Meanwhile, the Investors Intelligence survey's bull-bear spread has actually continued to rise resulting in the highest reading since the first week of 2022. Additionally, as we noted in Monday's Chart of the Day, the TD Ameritrade Investor Movement Index went unchanged in March after rebounding in the proceeding few months. In other words, across multiple readings, sentiment has improved but has yet to definitively shift to bullish.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # The Good, The Bad, The Inflation  &gt; The March inflation report showed that CPI inflation rose only 0.1%, slightly below expectations. Over the past year, inflation is now up 5%, well off the peak 9% from June 2022. As you can see below, the big driver of lower inflation has been energy and food.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Energy makes up about 7% of the “inflation basket”, split almost equally into commodities (like gasoline) and services (like electricity and piped gas). Thanks to the pullback in oil prices, energy commodity prices are now below where they were in December 2021. The recent drop in natural gas prices has also sent services prices lower over the past couple of months.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Further good news: prices for “food at home”, i.e. groceries, fell 0.3% in March. This is the first price decline since September 2020, and bodes well even for prices and restaurants and such (which are still elevated).  &gt; # Lower energy and food prices are a big deal, for consumption &gt; Lower inflation, by way of lower energy and food prices, means “real” incomes, i.e. incomes adjusted for inflation, remain strong. More so if the labor market remains healthy, which looks to be the case as we wrote the other day.  &gt; The chart below shows annualized growth rates of disposable income, employee compensation (across all workers in the economy), and inflation. Over the past 3, 6 and 12 months, disposable income has run ahead of inflation. Part of this is because social security incomes got a big inflation-adjusted boost in January. But even employee compensation is running ahead of inflation. That’s really positive for consumer spending, which makes up 70% of the economy.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; # The big story: Housing inflation may finally be turning (lower) &gt; Core inflation, excluding food and energy, rose 0.4% in March. Over the past 3 months, core inflation is up 5.1% (annualized pace) and its up 5.6% over the past year. So, not much of a slowdown.  &gt; Part of the reason is that housing inflation has been running high.  &gt; But we got very good news on that front. Rents of primary residences and owners’ equivalent rent (rental equivalent of owner-occupied homes) rose “only” 0.5%. While still high, that pace is the slowest monthly increase in a year. Over the past 9 months, housing inflation averaged about +0.7% per month, which translates to a whopping 9% annualized rate!  &gt; So, the slowdown in March is significant, and most welcome.  &gt; Of course, as we’ve written about in the past, we’ve already seen a sharp deceleration in market rents. It’s just that the official inflation data has been really slow to catch up to that reality. But that may be changing now and bodes well for core inflation to slow down across the rest of this year.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; # The bad news: Core inflation ex housing remains elevated &gt; That was the good news, i.e. a slowdown in energy, food and housing inflation. However, the rest of it still looks to be elevated.  &gt; For one thing, vehicle prices are no longer falling as fast as they were. Vehicle prices, especially for used cars, was another big factor in pulling inflation lower over the last few months. Used car prices fell 0.9% in March, but that’s the smallest decline in 7 months. Private data suggests that used car prices are rising again. New vehicle prices also rose 0.4%, breaking a recent downward trend.  &gt; Outside of vehicles, a lot of goods and services that were initially hit by the pandemic are still seeing significant price increases. These include goods like household furnishings and apparel, and services like hotels and airlines fares.  &gt; Even beyond that, services such as day care, personal care, and recreation, are seeing inflation running well above what we saw before the pandemic.  &gt; All of which is a sign that demand for these goods and services remains strong.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; # What does this mean for the Fed? &gt; Fed officials have explicitly said that they want to see core services ex housing decelerate. In short, they’re looking at inflation excluding energy, food and housing, the three categories where we’ve had positive news. Unfortunately, there’s not much evidence that this slice of the inflation basket is decelerating, yet. The good news is that it tends to be correlated to wage growth, and there’s strong evidence that wage growth is moving closer to what we saw pre-pandemic.  &gt; Now, the Fed is unlikely to continue raising interest rates much further from here, especially since we had a banking crisis, and they may want to play cautious. Plus, as we wrote a few weeks ago, banks tightening credit in response to the crisis is akin to rate increases.  &gt; At the same time, they are likely to keep rates where they are until they see convincing evidence of inflation falling, especially core services ex housing inflation.  &gt; This is not what investors expect. Instead, investors expect the Fed to start cutting rates in late summer, pricing in at least 3 rate cuts by the end of 2023. Indicating that bond investors believe a crisis or recession is likely in the near-term. That’s clearly not where Fed officials are right now. We’re not there either, for now.  &gt; Eventually, market pricing and Fed officials’ views must converge. In the meantime, expect volatility, especially in the bond market.  *****  &gt; # 10-Year 10-Baggers  &gt; Peter Lynch's 1989 book One Up On Wall Street introduced investors to the word "ten bagger," which represents an investment that appreciates by 10x (1,000%) its initial purchase price.  &gt; Today we wanted to highlight the stocks that have been "ten baggers" over the last ten years. In the Russell 1,000, 33 names are up more than 1,000% since April 12th, 2013. Over the same 10-year period, the S&amp;P 500 tracking ETF (SPY) is up 211%. As shown below, NVIDIA (NVDA) is up the most with a gain of 8,833%, followed by Tesla (TSLA) at 6,304% and then Plug Power (PLUG) at 5,477%.  &gt; There are 16 Technology stocks on the list of 33 ten baggers, which is the most of any sector. Other Tech stocks on the list include AMD, Enphase Energy (ENPH), Broadcom (AVGO), Fortinet (FTNT), Lam Research (LRCX), and even the two largest stocks in the US - Apple (AAPL), and Microsoft (MSFT). Netflix (NFLX) is also another notable on the list with a gain of 1,266%.  &gt; Some other notables include Industrials stocks like Axon -- the maker of Tasers and police body cameras, Industrials stocks like Builders FirstSource (BLDR) and Old Dominion Freight (ODFL), and Vince VcMahon's World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which is set to be bought by Endeavor Group (EDR).  &gt; Stocks that are already up 1,000%+ over the last ten years seem unlikely to repeat that over the next ten years. The obvious next question is: which stocks will be ten baggers over the next ten years? As Peter Lynch instructed, you'll have to do your research!  *****  &gt; # 3 Small Business Outlook Cratering  &gt;  Small business optimism continued to decline in March with the headline index from the NFIB falling from 90.9 down to 90.1. That headline reading was actually better than the consensus forecast of 89.3, but it was still in the bottom decile of the indicator's historical range dating back to 1986.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Looking across individual categories, breadth was weak in the report with only three indices moving higher month over month, three going unchanged, and all the others falling. As with the headline number, many categories are also historically depressed in the bottom decile of readings including a record low.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; That record low was in the percentage of respondents reporting now as a good time to expand. Only 2% reported now as a good time to expand, down 4 points month over month. Albeit the reading has been at the low end of its historical range for much of the past year, March's reading matched the historical low form March 2009.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Given the small business outlook for the economy has soured, fewer firms are reporting plans to increase hiring or capital expenditures. In fact, the index for capex plans fell to 20, which alongside March 2021, is the lowest reading since the spring of 2020. Similarly, hiring plans are at new lows for the post-pandemic period.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; One factor likely impacting business plans has been financial conditions. The most pronounced decline of any category last month was a record 4-point decline in the availability of loans. While the reading has been rolling over for some time, that drop leaves the index at the lowest level since December 2012.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Inflation Concerns Continue to Ease  &gt; In an earlier post, we mentioned the record-low reading in the percentage of small businesses perceiving now as a good time to expand. As for what these firms perceive to be their most pressing issues, inflation continues to be the single most prevalent answer at 24%, albeit the gap has narrowed dramatically. Quality of labor is now only a single percentage point behind at 23%, and when combined with cost of labor, the two issues account for over a third of small businesses' biggest problems. From a historical standpoint, those three readings all remain elevated and account for a massive share of the most pressing issues facing small businesses.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; The four percentage point drop month over month in the percentage of respondents reporting inflation as their biggest issue is the largest decline since January when it had fallen 6 percentage points. As a result, the category is only down to the lowest level since January 2022 which remains well outside the range of pre-pandemic readings. In other words, inflation appears to be improving compared to last July when it was top of mind for 37% of small businesses, but it is still nowhere near a non-issue.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Picking up some of those losses has been government-related concerns. This series has historically held a political bias in which under Republican administrations small businesses are less concerned with red tape and taxes and vice versa during Democratic administrations. With the surge in inflation concerns during President Biden's tenure, this index has remained historically low but has begun to rise more recently as inflation has improved.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Another area to see a rise in firms reporting it as their biggest problem has been poor sales. While the reading is far from flying, it has begun trending higher accounting for 5% of responses in March. That pairs with the index for actual reported sales changes which have remained firmly negative for nearly a year now.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # 2023 Still Tracking Pre-Election Year Pattern But Gains May Be Muted  &gt; Despite the recent selloff and volatility S&amp;P 500 still tracks typical pre-election year market trends. However, uncertainties about rates, inflation, recession, banking and economic growth are likely to mute the usual pre-election year gains. A debt ceiling standoff could keep stocks under pressure during the Worst Six Months May-October.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  Here are the most notable companies reporting earnings in this upcoming trading week ahead-  *****  &gt; (*T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.*)  *****  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S MOST NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S HIGHEST VOLATILITY EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR MONDAY'S PRE-MARKET NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  &gt; # (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.) **(T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.)** (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.).  &gt; #([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  # DISCUSS!  What are you all watching for in this upcoming trading week?  *****  I hope you all have a wonderful weekend and a great trading week ahead r/stocks. :),;,; 2023-04-14 21:48:26]
[Microsoft Earnings and Options,;,; Microsoft announced their earnings today and it beat expectations positively. Stock prices should ideally increase. But, the price is flat. Options are behaving more weird. Can someone help understand this? For Feb-9 expiry, why $465 Call options are down completely while $480 are up? Current share price $403  Thanks.  Edit: Appreciate all the insights provided. Thanks a ton. I'm learning options trading and have a low risk appetite. My strategy was to buy long call/put FAANG+ stocks with far OTM strike prices and a longer expiry (shorter in some cases close to earnings announcement) and gain profits. This strategy was well within my budget. But, looks like I'll have to revise the strategy. It'd be great if you can suggest any online learning materials/strategies that'll help me improve.,;,; 2024-01-30 22:07:36]
[Buy Microsoft Call?,;,; Hi Guys, I’m new to options trading in the sense that I’ve never executed any real trades before, but I’m well educated on options trading theory.  I was wondering however how you guys can be sure that a certain trade will most certainly go your way? I graduated college and just started working a few months ago, but I want to start trading. For example, I’d like to buy this MSFT Nov 310 Call, but 2K is quite the amount for me, but I’m willing to risk it, because I’m sure the stock will increase enough till Nov that I’ll lock in a profit. My question is what factors give you guys the confidence to trade regularly, and is my reasoning regarding this option right in your opinion?,;,; 2023-04-08 06:27:56]
[Expected moves: Microsoft and Alphabet,;,; Alphabet and Microsoft highlight a busy earnings day, both reporting after the close.  Microsoft options are pricing about a 4% move. Prior earnings saw actual moves of -4%, +7%, -1%, -8%. At 60 IV, the options expiring this week are about twice the 30-day IV. The stock itslef has not been that volatile into the event, having essentially flatlined since the first week of October. 30 day realized vol (how much the stock has been actually moving) is just 20, compared to its realized vol over the past year of 29. Sometimes it's interesting to look at trade breakevens zoomed really far out, here's an Iron Condor with strikes based on the expected move, expiring this Friday, on the one-year chart. The levels  are pretty closely aligned with the highs and lows over the past 2 and a half months or so:  &amp;#x200B;    Alphabet options are pricing about a 4.5% move. Recent earnings have seen moves of +6%, 0%, -3% and -9%. Like MSFT the stock has been flatlining the past few weeks (albeit like everything in the market it's been moving intraday and day to day, just not ending up anywhere new). It's realized vol of 22 over the past 30 days compares to the stock's 34 vol over the past year. Its weekly expiry IV of 70 is about twice its 30 day of 35, a similar 2x to MSFT.  &amp;#x200B;  **Early Movers:**  * Coca-Cola Company (KO) +3.01% * Spotify Technology S.A. (SPOT) +3.03% * Verizon Communications Inc (VZ) +4.11% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) +1.21%  &amp;#x200B;  **Earnings After the Bell:**  * Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Expected Move: 3.89% * Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Expected Move: 4.41% * Visa Inc. (V) Expected Move: 3.23% * Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Expected Move: 3.97% * Chubb Limited (CB) Expected Move: 5.72% * Snap Inc. (SNAP) Expected Move: 16.38% * F5, Inc. (FFIV) Expected Move: 6.40% * Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Expected Move: 8.50% * Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Expected Move: 6.16% * Teladoc Health, Inc. (TDOC) Expected Move: 11.97%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar**  * At 09:45 AM (EST) S&amp;P Global Composite PMI (Oct) Impact: Medium * At 09:45 AM (EST) S&amp;P Global Services PMI (Oct) Estimates: 49.8, Prior: 50.1 * At 09:45 AM (EST) S&amp;P Global Manufacturing PMI (Oct) Estimates: 49.5, Prior: 49.8  **Unusual Options Volume**  SPOT (+1225%), OKTA (+1054%), TTWO (+1003%), MSTR (+976%), COIN (+695%), MARA (+616%), RIOT (+593%), TSLA (+544%), JETS (+502%), NFLX (+476%),;,; 2023-10-24 13:23:46]
[Feeling juicy? - Microsoft,;,; Okay so I’ve never done an option before but I’m trying to get into them. ChatGPT4 is rumored to release next week. I believe it is going to be a bigger deal then currently understood and is going to hit the public even harder.     Is this a good enough rational to put a $280 on a call for Microsoft to hit $270 by 3/31? As of right now it’s at 255.  Currently I’m a senior technology business student who’s been using chatgpt like crazy already. Just an idea and was looking for feedback.      Extra:  (Just opinion.  Nothing to do with question)   Babble about my thoughts: (all from my head no sources) I think Microsoft is the best equipped to maneuver the recession. Office suite, Azure gaining market share, windows, Xbox - they game pass is about to own most popular games. All generally recession proof.   I think apples current scope may be to small. They will keep bringing marketable consumer products but I think they need to jump onto the AI gold rush in some way.  Amazon will be behind in AI  Google will always be a threat but they seem to be a little wobbled by chatgpts launch. Microsoft is definitely leading.   What we thinking?,;,; 2023-03-14 04:39:58]
[Expected Moves: Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet, Snap, Boeing and more.,;,; SPY was down 2.5% last week, more than the 1.8% move options were pricing. Despite the day-to-day volatility, it is only down about 1.6% on the month. Speaking of the day-to-day volatility, intraday volatility has been even more extreme, adding to the feeling of a wild market even though it hasn't necessarily cracked or seen panic selling overall. However, certain sectors have seen steep declines recently, and the VIX is now near 22, its highest level since March. As was the case with September expiry, this week begins a new vol/gamma regime where some of the strikes that may have been acting as support or even magnets over the past week or so have expired. Keep an eye not only on the VIX this week but also the 0DTE expected moves. Currently SPY 0DTe expected moves are approaching 1% and QQQ is now over 1% each day. Several days last week the markets moved that amount in both directions, multiple times in a day.  &amp;#x200B;  **Expected Moves for the Week**  * **SPY**: 1.8% (roughly $413-$429) * **QQQ**: 2.3% (roughly $346-$363) * **IWM**: 2.4% (roughly $162-$171) * **TLT** 2.1% (roughly $81-$85) * **USO** 3.5% (roughly $77-$84)  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar**  *Tuesday*  * 9:45am - SP Global PMI  *Wednesday*  * 10am - New Home Sales  *Thursday*  * 8:15am - ECB Monetary Policy Announcement * 8:30am - GDP  *Friday*  * 8:30am - Core PCE  &amp;#x200B;  **Earnings Calendar with Expected Moves**  *Tuesday*  * **MSFT** Microsoft Corporation **4.2%** * **GOOGL** Alphabet Inc. **4.9%** * **V** Visa Inc. **3.5%** * **KO** The Coca-Cola Company **2.3%** * **NVS** Novartis AG **3.4%** * **TXN** Texas Instruments Incorporated **4.3%** * **GE** General Electric Company **5.3%** * **RTX** Raytheon Technologies Corporation **4.1%** * **SNAP** Snap **17.5%**  *Wednesday*  * **META** Meta Platforms, Inc. **7.8%** * **TMO** Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. **4** **.5%** * **TMUS** T-Mobile US, Inc. **3.9%** * **IBM** International Business Machines Corporation **4.0%** * **NOW** ServiceNow, Inc. **6.0%** * **BA** The Boeing Company **4.9%** * **KLAC** KLA Corporation **4.9%** * **PXD** Pioneer Natural Resources Company **2.8%** * **ORLY** O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. **5.5%**  *Thursday*  * **AMZN** Amazon.com, Inc. **6.2%** * **MA** Mastercard Incorporated **3.8%** * **MRK** Merck &amp; Co., Inc. **3.3%** * **UPS** United Parcel Service, Inc. **4.8%** * **HON** Honeywell International Inc. **3.3%** * **BMY** Bristol-Myers Squibb Company **3.1%** * **MO** Altria Group, Inc. **2.0%** * **NOC** Northrop Grumman Corporation **3.0%** * **BSX** Boston Scientific Corporation **3.5%** * **VALE** Vale S.A. **4.0%** * **CMG** Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. **6.4%** * **VLO** Valero Energy Corporation **3.8%** * **F** Ford Motor Company **5.0%**  *Friday*  * **CVX** Chevron Corporation **2.7%** * **XOM** Exxon Mobile **3.0%** * **ABBV** AbbVie Inc. **3.8%**  &amp;#x200B;    &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-23 03:54:13]
[Earnings expected moves this week: Microsoft, Meta, Alphabet, Boeing and more,;,;    A quick cheat sheet for some earnings this week with current expected moves. The moves may change slightly before the reports, and there's a lot more companies not mentioned, so check back in via (free) [Options AI Calendar]( for more:  &amp;#x200B;  *Monday*  * **DPZ** Dominos **4.9%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Tuesday:*  * **MSFT** Microsoft Corporation **5.0%** * **GOOGL** Alphabet Inc. **5.2%** * **V** Visa Inc. **2.9%** * **TXN** Texas Instruments Incorporated **3.9%** * **RTX** Raytheon Technologies Corporation **2.6%** * **GE** General Electric Company **3.9%** * **GM** General Motors Company **4.4%** * **SPOT** Spotify Technology S.A. **9.0%** * **GLW** Corning Incorporated **4.3%** * **SNAP** Snap Inc. **19.0%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Wednesday*  * **META** Meta **8.5%** * **CMG** Chipotle **5.7%** * **KO** The Coca-Cola Company **1.7%** * **BA** The Boeing Company **4.1%** * **T** AT&amp;T Inc. **4.8%** * **EQNR** Equinor ASA **5.2%** * **LRCX** Lam Research Corporation **5.0%** * **ORLY** O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.**4.6%** * **CMG** Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. **5.7%** * **EBAY** eBay Inc. **4.7%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Thursday*  * **MA** Mastercard  **2.9%** * **ABBV** AbbVie Inc. **3.4%** * **MCD** McDonald's **2.4%** * **TMUS** T-Mobile US, Inc. **4.3%** * **INTC** Intel Corporation **6.2%** * **HON** Honeywell International Inc. **3.0%** * **BMY** Bristol-Myers Squibb  **2.8%** * **BUD** Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV **2.1%** * **BSX** Boston Scientific Corporation **4.3%** * **NOC** Northrop Grumman Corporation **3.1%** * **SAN** Banco Santander, S.A. **6.1%** * **KLAC** KLA Corporation **5.2%** * **VALE** Vale S.A. **3.5%** * **F** Ford Motor Company **4.9%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Friday*  * **XOM** Exxon Mobil Corporation **2.6%** * **PG** The Procter &amp; Gamble Company **2.6%** * **CVX** Chevron Corporation **2.5%** * **AZN** AstraZeneca PLC **2.8%**  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-23 19:18:04]
[Option play for the mid to long term on Microsoft if you have limited capital?,;,; Most of us might be aware of the large position Microsoft took in chat gpt. It seems they're aggressively integrating it into their software, if I felt in the mid to long term that Microsoft was headed up, but I don't have enough funds to outright by the stock to make it worthwhile, any thoughts on an option strategy? Mid to long term would be 9 months to 2 years... maybe I can do something with leaps?,;,; 2023-03-21 20:16:39]
[Expected moves/condor: Microsoft, Alphabet/Google,;,; * MSFT and GOOGL report after the close * SPOT is lower by about 6% on its report. Options priced about 8%  Happy mega-cap AI day to all those that celebrate as both Microsoft and Alphabet report after the close. Currently, options are pricing about a 5% for both stocks.  MSFT stock has given up all the gains from its mid-July gap higher. The 5% expected move lines up near those highs to the upside and to the monthly lows on the downside. An Iron Condor based on those levels would profit as long as MSFT was between 326.50 and 363.50 on Friday, lining up pretty close to those support and resistance levels. If the stock busts out of that range the risk is about 1.50 to 1 on this 2.5 wide example.       **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Electra Battery Materials Corp (ELBM) +64.23% * Bullfrog Ai Holdings Inc (BFRG) +49.42% * Nio Inc ADR (NIO) +4.43% * AMC Entertainment Holdings (AMC) -7.87% * General Motors Company (GM) -0.25% * Verizon Communications Inc (VZ) +2.38% * Stoke Therapeutics Inc (STOK) -21.83% * Spotify Technology S.A. (SPOT) -5.77% * General Electric Company (GE) +3.67% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) +0.97% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) +0.49%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Expected Move: 4.80% * Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Expected Move: 4.93% * Visa Inc. (V) Expected Move: 2.69% * Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Expected Move: 3.74% * Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Expected Move: 4.25% * Raytheon Technologies Corporation (RTX) Expected Move: 4.96% * General Electric Company (GE) Expected Move: 4.20% * 3M Company (MMM) Expected Move: 3.91% * Spotify Technology S.A. (SPOT) Expected Move: 9.20% * Snap Inc. (SNAP) Expected Move: 19.61%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 09:00 AM (EST) S&amp;P/Case-Shiller Home Price YoY (May) Estimates: -2.2, Prior: -1.7 * At 09:00 AM (EST) S&amp;P/Case-Shiller Home Price MoM (May) Estimates: 1.2, Prior: 1.7 * At 10:00 AM (EST) CB Consumer Confidence (Jul) Estimates: 111.8, Prior: 109.7  &amp;#x200B;  **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): JPM (79), AMC (78), COST (77), BAC (76), MS (76), PRU (76) * Oversold (RSI): DIS (41), FL (41), AXP (42) * High IV: AMC (+249%), NKLA (+215%), TMC (+175%), SNAP (+155%), SAVE (+153%) * Unusual Options Volume: AMC (+929%), SPOT (+837%), GM (+636%), LOW (+615%), GPS (+547%), GME (+538%), GE (+497%)  Full lists here: [Options AI Free Tools](  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-25 13:10:46]
[Difference in value between in the money options, using Microsoft as an example,;,; I'm looking at some in the money options for microsoft, as an example let's consider December 2024 call options. The share price is currently trading at around $280.50, when I look at a 270 in the money call option, &amp; the 275 in the money call option for that date, the prices are actually pretty close, within $2 of each other, even though as we all know they are $5 of intrinsic value apart. It's significantly less than $5 between their costs right now, anybody have any insight into this?,;,; 2023-03-25 02:23:54]
[ATVI Options,;,; Microsoft is trying to buy Activision. If the deal is approved, they will be buying $ATVI at $95/share. If the deal does not get approved, $ATVI will more than likely drop to a lower price. My question is, why would anyone be buying Calls at the $95 strike price? The price cap for $ATVI is pretty much capped at $95 so it seems every Call bought at this price is guaranteed to expire worthless. Does anyone here know what might be going on? Thanks.,;,; 2023-04-14 00:56:44]
[Is now a stupid time to buy leaps?,;,; I'm highly bullish on stocks like Apple, Microsoft, and Meta and was thinking of buying a deep in the money leap with around a 0.8 to 0.9 delta with 1 or 2 years until expiration, and potentially selling 2 month from expiration calls against them. However, given the uncertainty in the market, I was wondering if this would be a foolish strategy to do right now and if I should consider something else/wait later for better prices.  The reason for me doing leaps is because I am long term bullish on these stocks and would like to potentially collect premium without having to spend the full amount of money of 100 shares, and also to magnify my gains  edit: probably going to go with a pmcc on Meta. Even the current price is good imo and they are sleeping giant in Generative AI,;,; 2023-05-20 21:33:46]
[Palantir Options for Jan 2026 a Good Bet?,;,; I've been looking at palantir for a while now. I'm thinking about getting a 2026 expiring call after it goes down a bit more. It's an AI stock and I think AI will have huge developments in the next couple years because of the Microsoft/OpenAI catalyst. What is everyone's opinion on palantir and is there anyone that agrees or disagrees and why?,;,; 2023-12-11 00:04:08]
[Activision takeover cash settlement of options announced.,;,; The OCC just put out a memo concerning the Activision takeover by Microsoft.  All options will be cash settled based on the 95 takeover price.  Options expiring after Oct 20, will have their expiration date accelerated to Oct 20th.  Here is the memo,  [  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-13 13:24:46]
[Best options for ITM MSFT calls,;,; I sold some Microsoft calls at strike price $340 and currently they are ITM. They are set to expire soon. Even if I let them exercise I get a good return cause my cost basis was low. Do I just let them expire and take the profit? Or roll them over for higher strike price. Or just buy to close. They have been on fire lately but I think they might fall after the quarterly report to about 370ish.,;,; 2024-01-18 10:04:18]
[$ATVI $92 calls for 28 Apr,;,; The UK’s CMA is due to announce their decision on Microsoft’s acquisition of Activision-Blizzard by this Wed 26th Apr. By all accounts and market professionals, the CMA is the last major hurdle and is likely to approve. The buyout will likely close in June at the $95 merger price. The EU is unlikely to block, and the FTC has no case and will lose in court if they go for a preliminary injunction.   So, if the CMA approves by Wed, the deal is almost guaranteed to close. The stock is currently at $85.53. What do you guys think about $92 calls expiring this Friday the 28th? New Zealand is also due to announce their decision on Friday, but that likely will have little bearing on the stock price.  Edit: mfw,;,; 2023-04-22 18:58:45]
[Short puts on QQQ and SPY with expiration prior to MSFT earnings release.,;,; Was a seller of various put options that were in the money at the close. However, given the positive after hours action after Microsoft reported, I assume none of the options will be exercised/assigned to me.   Has anyone had a lot of experience with this? Wondering if people get lucky if some holders of the options let the options auto exercise. Do the holders actually have to call in to their brokers and tell them not to auto exercise? Would be good for future reference to know if I’m on the other side of the trade.   Thanks in advance.,;,; 2023-04-26 04:26:40]
[ATVI Covered Calls if shares are delisted?,;,; I've owned shares in ATVI since before the announcement that MSFT was going to (attempt) to acquire them, and considered selling covered calls against it. Is there any risk if I sell a November 17 2023 covered call with a $95 Strike? Assuming the acquisition somehow is approved (unlikely after yesterday's news) is there a serious risk to holding the call if ATVI is delisted from the NYSE before November 17th due to the appeal going Microsoft's way? Does the option become effectively useless, and I keep the premium?,;,; 2023-04-27 19:45:28]
[MSFT CC Mgmt,;,; Hey folks - considering few scenarios to manage this CC so I can get out with least impact. Have 2000 MSFT shares with basis of $150. Have CC going for past 3 years with mixed run (prev post below). Current situation - 20 contracts for $305c Mar 15, 2024. Price is at $411 today and option at $107 after bunch of roll up and out over past 12+ months (started CC since MSFT was $250 and my first CC strike was $265). Net-Net have about $160k loss on just CC option (I know can’t look at just the option loss as stock appreciated big time but laying it out there).   Scenario 1: Close out the position and realize ~$160k loss funding with 400 shares sale (net of all premium collected thus far).    Scenario 2: Keep rolling out and up with reasonable loss as no longer can do this with credit - until at some point stock catches up to my strike - can be many months or years as have seen this happen in my past experience with this stock   Scenario 3: Cut 5 contracts for every 5% drop in price so have a plan in action to get out totally    Scenario 4: given near 1 delta here and ~0 extrinsic, Roll out and up $25 every quarter at debit (eg coming to ~$36k for roll out and up from $305c 032024  to $330c 062024) so have a plan to get closer to stock price over next 12-18 months    Scenario 5: maybe buy OTM call (eg $425) to protect UPSIDE going forward    Scenario 6: there’s the collar option per tasty trade video referred in the thread below but this would mean I absorb $106 intrinsic value as cost for 20 contracts - seems cost prohibitive     Would welcome how you all have handled such deep ITM covered call options where I don’t want to sell the stock ($522k profit right now so hefty capital gain tax). Have to take some action this week as ex-div date approaching on 2/14 and don’t have much room given 1 delta  forcing assignment.     2024-02-05 01:38:44]
[Expected Moves: Meta, IBM, Servicenow and more.,;,; The indices are getting pulled in a couple different directions this morning due to some big-cap stocks going in different directions on earnings. Microsoft and Boeing are both higher, both slightly inside the expected move at this point. Alphabet is lower and by slightly more than what options were pricing. That mix has the DJIA going one way and the QQQ's going the other. And the SPY/SPX is saying "Waddya want from me?" (bonus points if you got that).  This afternoon we have Meta earnings. Currently, META options are pricing an almost 7.5% move. That's more than the +4.5% the stock moved last earnings but oh boy, the ones before that? +14%, +23%, and -25%. Massive moves for a company of that size/market cap.   The stock itself has been volatile over the past few months but finds itself in essentially the same place it was in early August. The stock is down about 4% from its mid-Summer highs and up about 10% from its mid-August lows.  One particular thing of note, the weekly options (expiring Friday) are 135 IV or so. The 30day IV is 50. That's a pretty big difference and it results in an expected move chart that is much straighter/flatter than normal meaning a breakeven 30-45 days on a spread trade may only be a small difference in the stock. Here's an example. A call spread expiring this week, targeting the expected move to the upside. It is 25 wide and maxes out at 337.50 to the upside. Its breakeven is 322.60 in the stock:    Compare that to a call spread targeting a level $10 higher in the stock on Dec 1st expiry:  &amp;#x200B;    The breakeven is less than $4 higher (about 1.2% in the stock), has more room to run to the upside, and an additional 35 days or so to do it. This is just a bullish example, the same would be true looking to the downside. This set-up is very similar to Netflix last week, where the earnings expiry was nearly 3x 30-day IV. As a comparison, MSFT and GOOGL yesterday were 2x. This is just one thing to look out for when choosing expiry, those IV differences can be informative, and one way to compare is via expected move levels and trade breakevens.  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Expected Moves:**  * Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) Expected Move: 7.24% * International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Expected Move: 3.45% * ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Expected Move: 5.20% * KLA Corporation (KLAC) Expected Move: 3.90% * O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Expected Move: 5.20% * Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Expected Move: 3.31% * Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Expected Move: 6.74% * QuantumScape Corporation (QS) Expected Move: 11.13%  Searchable list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Movers this Morning:**  * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) -5.95% * Snap Inc (SNAP) +3.19% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) +4.36% * Boeing Company (BA) +3.15% * Meta Platforms Inc (META) -0.18% * Texas Instruments (TXN) -6.25% * Verizon Communications Inc (VZ) +0.32%  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 10:00 AM (EST) New Home Sales MoM (Sep) Impact: Medium * At 04:35 PM (EST) Fed Chair Powell Speech Impact: High     **Unusual Activity (yesterday's option volume compared to 30d avg.):**   * SPOT (+1105%), SNAP (+1033%), COIN (+960%), MSTR (+924%), MARA (+820%), RIOT (+706%), SNOW (+400%), NFLX (+372%), TSLA (+368%), QQQ (+343%), META (+294%)  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-25 13:45:06]
[Expected moves: SPY, JP Morgan, Tesla, Netflix and more,;,; CPI came in slightly hot this morning and put a damper on a pre-market rally. Traders need to keep an eye on yields as a cheat sheet for how that inflation data is being interpreted. 1, 2 and 10 year Treasury yields all jumped on the number. Here's how options are pricing today:  **0DTE Expected moves:**  * SPY 0.7% (roughly $433-$440 strikes) * QQQ 0.8% (roughly $368-$375 strikes)     **Earnings Season**  A look ahead at JP Morgan tomorrow morning. 2.7% expected move vs last 4 moves of +0.6%, +7.5%, +2.5%, +1.7%. Roughly $142-$150 strikes:  &amp;#x200B;       **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Tempest Therapeutics Inc (TPST) -39.82% * Nvidia Corp (NVDA) -0.21% * Amazon.com Inc (AMZN) +0.55% * Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM) +0.67% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) +0.57% * Meta Platforms Inc (META) +0.27% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) -0.57% * Futu Holdings Ltd ADR (FUTU) -1.02%     **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Infosys Limited (INFY) Expected Move: 5.48% * Fastenal Company (FAST) Expected Move: 3.90% * Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Expected Move: 4.06% * Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Expected Move: 5.85% * Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) Expected Move: 4.90%  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 08:30 AM (EST) Initial Jobless Claims (Oct/07) Estimates: 210, Prior: 209 * At 08:30 AM (EST) Core Inflation Rate MoM (Sep) Estimates: 0.3%, Prior: 0.3     **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): CRWD (73), ATVI (72), AMGN (72), LLY (71), X (71), META (68), PLTR (67) * Oversold (RSI): BAX (19), GLW (25), MCD (26), CL (27), DG (29), PG (30), PEP (31), CCL (32), NFLX (33) * High IV: PG (+145%), SNAP (+145%), PFE (+144%), IBM (+143%), JBLU (+141%), MCD (+139%), BYND (+135%), JETS (+134%), KO (+134%) * Unusual Options Volume: BAX (+1168%), AMGN (+672%), NFLX (+495%), LOW (+486%), PEP (+475%), FUTU (+456%), DAL (+394%), WBA (+383%), ADBE (+374%), META (+348%), TSLA (+324%), MSTR (+319%), MRK (+311%)  &amp;#x200B;  **A look ahead:**   2023-10-12 13:19:46]
[VMW 7/21 135 P,;,; Curious on everyone's thoughts here. VMW has accepted an acquisition offer from broadcom which will provide VMW shareholders 142.50 per share in cash or equivalent of broadcom stock (currently trading at 822.15). The link to the latest aquisition update listed below for reasons why the aquisition has not finalized yet.    The average analyst price target for this stock is about 143.25 with a low target being 134 (under average cost oer share on assignment). I actually used to work at vmware. It's a very good company (2nd largest software company in the world) and the entire business world uses its products. Their main competitors are Microsoft, Google, Cisco, and and Amazon. They have a considerable amount of cash in thr bank, make amazing aquisitions, and are run well.  The stock price is currently 137.83. The 7/21 135 P is currently giving a premium of 3.10 bid and 4.20 ask. Delta is 0.39 and theta of 0.09. This really seems to good to be true of a trade considering the circumstances that there are many factors of upside on assignment and a juicy premium that provides the stock on assignment for around 4% cheaper then its trading now.  I plan on selling a considerable amount of CSPs for this  but wanted the communities take on it first. Please note the aquisition is currently targeting August to settle assuming no issues with Euro and US governments.,;,; 2023-06-24 16:11:18]
[Thoughts on this excerpt from Chaos Kings by Scott Patterson,;,; “Part of the Universa strategy that went under the radar was the daily grind of building its Black Swan portfolio of crash protection. One trick Spitznagel used, going back to his days at Empirica, was to sell options—puts and calls—with strike prices close to the value of the underlying stock. Say Microsoft was trading at $100 a share. Universa might sell options that would gain in value if the stock moved up or down $5. Spitznagel reasoned that such options were pretty fairly valued—they weren’t cheap, like the crazy, no-one-in-his-right-mind far-out-of-the-money options he bought every day. They might even be overvalued, meaning it was profitable to sell them. And he felt he was better than his counterparts when it came to trading them. The profits he made on the strategy helped fund the crash-bang portfolio.”   Excerpt From  Chaos Kings  Scott Patterson  This material may be protected by copyright.     The line that bothers me is the part where it says Universa might sell options that would gain in value if the stock moved up or down $5. It does not make sense to me. If you are short a straddle, you would lose money if the stock made great moves in either direction. To me it is implied by the wording that Spitznagel is long volatility from **selling options** and the options he sold would **gain** in value if there was a 5% move? The only other thing I can think of is if another part of this position that is left out in this paragraph. Perhaps he is short a straddle but long multiple strangles which could give a gain on his overall position if there was a substantial move in either direction. This paragraph is obviously left vague on purpose. He would not want his strategy to be leaked to the world, I was wondering if this community could help me decipher what kind of position he would hold to make money on $5 moves in either direction from selling options? Thoughts? ,;,; 2023-08-25 23:13:18]
[The Indicators You Should Be Using,;,;    ## If anyone is trying to sell you an indicator but can't explain exactly what it does or why it works, it's probably junk.   Many traders see technical indicators and try to apply them to every stock they see. On the other hand, professional traders focus on finding an edge — a reason why an option or stock might be undervalued or overvalued. Only after they find an edge do they use indicators to determine when the edge exists.   Take Bollinger bands as an example. Bollinger bands show the X standard deviations from the stock price. It's just a math equation using historical, public data. Applying Bollinger bands to the S&amp;P500 (an index with essentially random price movements) won't get you anywhere. At any given time, the S&amp;P 500 is just as likely to go up as down.  # So When Might Bollinger Bands Work?  A pair trade using Bollinger bands could work.   Imagine the ratio between two similar stocks (such as Apple and Microsoft) is fairly constant. Because these companies are fairly similar, you can expect them to move in tandem.   After using statistics to verify the relationships between stock prices are mean-reverting, you could plot Bollinger bands around the ratio of the stock prices. You could use that to determine when one stock is too expensive relative to the other. If the AAPL/MSFT price ratio rose suddenly and touched the Bollinger Band, we could sell AAPL and buy MSFT with the expectation that their relative prices will revert back towards the mean.   This trade works because similar assets should trade at similar prices. Sometimes there is just a little more demand for AAPL than MSFT from institutional funds, and prices diverge a little. However, because the fundamentals of both companies remain the same, prices should converge as demand subsides.   **Mindlessly applying an RSI indicator, MACD, or moving average isn't going to get you anywhere.**   If they really worked, nobody would sell stock during bullish signals. Nobody would buy stock during bearish signals. Everyone can see the same indicators you do. If they worked, you wouldn't be able to make profitable trades.  Many signal groups or other paid services advertise their indicators as the next big thing, perhaps utilizing some fancy form of machine learning algorithm or artificial intelligence. However, there's so much noise in the market that it's easy to look like you found something, even though it's not really there.   # Trading indicators should be built around an idea. They shouldn't be the idea itself.  Good luck, and happy trading!,;,; 2023-03-23 16:50:30]
[Expected moves: FOMC and Facebook/Meta,;,; Tons of earnings again today, highlighted by META after the close.  META's expected move of around 8% is significantly less than the prior 3 actual moves. The last time the stock moved less than that on earnings was this quarter's report last year.          There's also a Fed meeting today! The 0DTE expected move in SPY today is about 0.7% which is not 'high' but it is a lot more than recent 0DTE expected moves which have been around 0.4%. So between the slate of earnings and the FOMC, options are pricing almost twice as much movement as they have been at these extremely low levels of IV. In fact, today's SPY options are 14 IV, they've been as low as the single digits recently. After the FOMC, options reset a bit, with the expected move into Friday just 0.9% and next week's options back to 11 IV.  &amp;#x200B;  **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Warrantee Inc ADR (WRNT) +25.58% * Silicon Motion Techn ADR (SIMO) +82.91% * Snap Inc (SNAP) -17.03% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) -3.33% * Tower Semiconductor (TSEM) +11.36% * Dish Network Corp (DISH) +9.72% * Alphabet Cl C (GOOG) +6.12% * Meta Platforms Inc (META) +2.37% * Teladoc Health Inc (TDOC) +7.51%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) Expected Move: 8.25% * The Coca-Cola Company (KO) Expected Move: 1.69% * Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Expected Move: 4.07% * Union Pacific Corporation (UNP) Expected Move: 6.31% * The Boeing Company (BA) Expected Move: 4.03% * ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Expected Move: 5.20% * AT&amp;T Inc. (T) Expected Move: 4.24% * Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP) Expected Move: 3.62% * Equinor ASA (EQNR) Expected Move: 6.25% * Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Expected Move: 5.20% * eBay Inc. (EBAY) Expected Move: 4.49%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 10:00 AM (EST) New Home Sales (Jun) Estimates: 0.725, Prior: 0.763 * At 10:00 AM (EST) New Home Sales MoM (Jun) Estimates: -4, Prior: 12.2 * At 02:00 PM (EST) Fed Interest Rate Decision Estimates: 5.5, Prior: 5.25 * At 05:30 PM (EST) Fed Press Conference Impact: High  &amp;#x200B;  **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): UPST (78), COST (77), DE (76), JNJ (75), MS (74), JPM (74), ABNB (74) * Oversold (RSI): APLS (11), SPOT (31), F (37), AXP (40), AAL (41) * High IV: IDEX (+513%), TLRY (+123%), TMUS (+118%) * Unusual Options Volume: SPOT (+1229%), MMM (+747%), SNAP (+712%), DKNG (+511%), PINS (+449%), AI (+419%), LUV (+394%), SNOW (+385%)  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-26 13:19:59]
[Overview of SPY Options Market for this week.,;,; The Fed is in a quandary.  Inflation isn't dropping as they would want to, and at the same time the US economy seems to keep pushing forward. Some investors believe that JPow's dovishness may turn back to hawkish mode. Last week, the AI battle between Microsoft's Sydney and Google's Bard turned into a rake-in-the-face contest. It seems that the tech rally is aimed at halting in its tracks.  This is what we can see as the general feel from the options markets:  * The long (50 day) Double Exponential Moving Average (DEMA) is about to catch up with the short (5 day) one. When this happens, the tendency is to go on a downward trend.    * The price momentum of SPY keeps cooling off. The momentum is calculated by subtracting the short DEMA minus the long DEMA. At the moment it seems that we are headed towards a negative momentum, characterised by a drop in price.    * The 50 day annualised volatility is at its lowest point since last August. Statistically, the tendency of the volatility will be to move up above the first purple line (20percentile line). We may be gearing up towards a higher volatility with  a downward pressure.    &amp;#x200B;  * In the option markets expiring this Friday Feb 24, SPY continues being overwhelmingly bearish in sentiment. The sentiment has been trending slightly more positive since Feb 7th, however, there is just too much put open interest right now.    &amp;#x200B;    &amp;#x200B;  * For SPY option contracts expiring Feb 24, we can see a very clear resistance level forming at strike $418. There are currently almost 30K open contracts at this point. The reason why this can be a resistance level is that, in general, market makers are at the other side of any opened trade. Since most traders are long traders (i.e. buyers of options) , it is reasonable to assume that at the other side of the 50K contracts are market makers. The game theory would lead us to see that the MMs will try to avoid printing 30K contracts (equal to 3M units of SPY) if they can somehow suppress the price enough. This is a subjective method to identify resistance levels and should be used with discretion. The reliability of this method gets stronger as we get closer to expiration date.    * For SPY option contracts expiring Feb 24, we can see that there are two significant support levels at $400 and $395 both with 40K put contracts open at each strike. The reasoning for calling it a support level follows a similar logic as with the resistance level, except that we use PUTS instead of CALLS to make this assessment. This is a subjective method to identify support levels and should be used with discretion. The reliability of this method gets stronger as we get closer to expiration date. It is also worth noting the gargantuan concentration of open put contracts at strike $360. This seems like an end of days type of play.    &amp;#x200B;  * Next we evaluate what we refer to as a Delta Dam, this is also a subjective metric that should be used with discretion. A delta dam simply tell us how much money is required by market makers in order to fully hedge all the positions up to a specific strike. Remember that market makers do something called dynamic hedging, which means that they are constantly evaluating their positions and increasing or reducing the size of their hedges depending on market conditions. In the specific case for SPY options expiring on Feb 24, we can see that there is a jump of around $1.1B between strikes $417 and $418. If the strike is contested enough closer to expiration date, what we expect to see is that market makers will suppress the price of SPY instead of hedging it because the act of hedging calls itself pushes the price of the stock higher.    &amp;#x200B;  * For SPY CALL contracts expiring on Feb 24, we can see that market makers are currently hedging strikes $410 through $418  with more than 1.8M units of SPY. This is important because if the price of SPY starts to drop and isn't anywhere near $410 by Friday, then a lot of contracts for this strike will be closed, which will lead MMs to wind off their hedges which will further depress the price of SPY. This is also a subjective view based on hedging patterns by market makers.    * From what we have seen, SPY seems to be entering an area of strong downward pressure.,;,; 2023-02-21 13:35:12]
[Expected moves this week. CPI, and earnings kick off with JP Morgan, Wells, Citi and more.,;,; Stocks finished lower last week, with the SPY down about 1%, just slightly more than with options were pricing for the holiday-shortened week. The bigger story for options was that implied vol did begin to pick up a bit. The VIX finished the week at about 15.50. That's up from the multi-year lows in the VIX the last week fo June that saw the index below 13. SPY weekly vol also saw a pick-up with the weeklies now 11-12 vol, up from 9-10 we saw with vol at its lows. Coming out of the holiday things stay interesting with economic data while earnings make a return to the scene. On the economic data front, things are a bit quiet the first two days of the week with a few FOMC member speeches on the docket. On Wednesday things pick up with the CPI release, followed on Thursday by the PPI, giving us a good update on inflation. Then on Friday we get a check on the consumer with the UoM consumer sentiment number. Also on Thursday into Friday the story quickly shifts to earnings as a couple of big reports kick off the new season. On Thursday we hear from Pepsi and Delta Airlines, but that's just the warm-up to Friday morning with reports from JPMorgan, Citi, Wells Fargo, Blackrock and more. Earnings announcements will come in fast and furious over the next several weeks.  &amp;#x200B;  * Today's SPY expected move (0DTE): **0.4%** * Today's QQQ expected move (0DTE): **0.6%**  &amp;#x200B;  **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Mobilicom Limited ADR (MOB) +74.00% * Rivian Automotive Inc Cl A (RIVN) +3.44% * Nanobiotix S.A. ADR (NBTX) +46.91% * Alpine 4 Holdings Inc Cl A (ALPP) +25.00% * Apple Inc (AAPL) -0.26% * Alibaba Group Holding ADR (BABA) -0.06% * Amazon.com Inc (AMZN) +0.02% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) -0.69% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) -0.49% * Chindata Group Holdings Ltd ADR (CD) +12.57%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Expected Move: 10.50% * WD-40 Company (WDFC) Expected Move: 6.90% * Saratoga Investment Corp. (SAR) Expected Move: 11.54% * Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 11:00 AM (EST) Fed Mester Speech Impact: Medium * At 11:00 AM (EST) Fed Daly Speech Impact: Medium  &amp;#x200B;  **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): RIVN (85), LUV (83), HUT (80), SAVE (79), DAL (78), AAL (76), RIOT (75), MARA (74) * Oversold (RSI): AZN (29), PFE (31), AAP (34), GILD (35), NKE (35), FL (36), ETSY (37), DOCU (38) * High IV: VMW (+197%), BYND (+149%), SAVE (+144%), RIVN (+137%) * Unusual Options Volume: RIVN (+726%), SLB (+654%), RIOT (+636%), BABA (+539%), HAL (+530%), CVNA (+523%), PENN (+487%), DDOG (+478%)  Full lists here: [Options AI Free Tools](  &amp;#x200B;  **Chart of the Day:**  Wells Fargo options are pricing a 3.2% move for the week. They report Friday morning.  &amp;#x200B;   2023-07-10 12:59:59]
[Expected Moves this Week: Low IV into NFP and an Earnings Lull, SPY, QQQ, IWM and more.,;,; ## Market View  **Last Week – Another positive week and an IV collapse.**  SPY was up 3.5% last week, a move much larger than options were pricing. But because the move was to the upside, and came on the heels of some relieving bank headlines, implied vol collapsed. The VIX is now within a point of its lowest levels of 2023 and is down from 26 to 18.70 since the SVB drama, and actually at or below its historical mean. IV for SPY options expiring this week are in the 10-13 IV range, down significantly from the weekly IV near 30 we saw into the CPI and FOMC in March. There is a slight uptick in SPY IV into the next CPI April 12th, but only to 16 IV at the moment.  **This Week – A Jobs Report, but on a holiday.**  SPY options are pricing about a 1.2% move for the 4 day week. This is a holiday week in the second half with Passover beginning Wednesday night and then markets closed for Good Friday. There will be some focus on the NFP release on Friday as market participants are now on the lookout for any signs of recession but the reaction will not come until the following Monday. Stock valuations are on the high side historically after the recent recovery in the market and the set-up into earnings season later this month isn’t necessarily pricing in the effects of a possible recession. So any signs of cracks on the economic front will be a focus. However, the bull case is that if the Fed is indeed winding down rate hikes and if inflation continues to moderate, the economy may have escaped the worst possible scenario. The NFP this week, CPI on the 12th, and the first 2 weeks of earnings reports in late April should give some clues.  Last week we highlighted the rapid IV decline in The Russell 2000. Options in IWM were pricing in a 5-day move of 4% two weeks ago, 2.7% last week, and this week just 1.8% (4 day week). So the options market is now pricing in much more typical moves in small-cap stocks than in the midst of the banking turmoil. Below is the IWM chart showing the large recent moves and the much smaller expected move now as a result of a collapse in IV (with this Friday highlighted):  &amp;#x200B;    **Expected Moves for This Week** ([via Options AI’s free tools](  * SPY **1.2%** * QQQ **1.6%**  * IWM **1.8%**  * DIA **1.1%**   &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar**  * Monday – **ISM Manufacturing** * Tuesday – **ADP Employment, ISM Services** * Friday – **Non-Farm Payrolls (markets closed)**  &amp;#x200B;  **Unusual Option Volume Friday**  * **HAS, AI, BB, SNOW, TSLA, UPST, UBS, ARKK, CLOV, DDOG, QQQ, SPY**  &amp;#x200B;  ## Earnings This Week  Via the Expected move, weekly IV, and prior earnings moves (starting with most recent).  Earnings are really light this week but pick up in the second half of April. Next week some of the banks report, with Citi and Wells Fargo late in the week, then things really heat up the week of April 17th with Schwab, Goldman and Bank of America followed by Netflix and Tesla. The week of April 24th sees the big tech names like Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet etc.  You can take a peek ahead on the [Options AI Earnings Calendar]( (free to use) showing expected moves as currently priced and past moves for comparison. Not all dates are confirmed yet obviously.,;,; 2023-04-02 20:05:02]
[Expected moves, JP Morgan Citi, Wells Fargo, and a look ahead to Tesla,;,; In what is the first important look at a sector of the market during the fresh earnings season, the big bank trio of JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, and Citi are all higher after reporting this morning. Blackrock is slightly lower. The other big name to report this morning, United Health is higher. As options traders, we're of course looking at more than direction. The magnitude of these moves is equally if not more important. As mentioned over the past week, we enter earnings season with some of the lowest IV we've seen in years, and expected moves for earnings the smallest we've seen in over a decade. JP Morgan options were pricing a 2.4% move, the stock is higher by 2.7% or so pre-market. Wells Fargo options were pricing about a 3% move, the stock is higher by about 3.1%. Citi options were pricing in about a 3% move and the stock is higher by about 1.6%. So options had the moves more or less correct on average, with JPM beating the expected move and Citi inside the move. As a rule of thumb about 70% of the time stocks should be at or inside the expected move on earnings. And of course, that stat is marked to the end of the day for stocks that report before the bell so the jury is still out on today. But it is something to keep a mental note of, whether we begin to see moves beyond the expected move or if options have it right, even at this low level of vol. As it could inform trade decisions, including holding positions into earnings as the vol collapse is quite different than it normally is.  Additionally, and especially as we start to hear from some tech stocks that have had a really good couple of months, are the moves to the upside the ones we see stocks beat, and are moves to the downside safer because there's an underlying bid in large parts of the market? Something to keep an eye on.  &amp;#x200B;  **Pre-Market Movers:**   * Nikola Corp (NKLA) +21.69% * Arb Iot Group Limited (ARBB) +50.00% * Painreform Ltd (PRFX) +40.87% * Bank of America Corp (BAC) +1.75% * Intuitive Machines Inc (LUNR) +16.98% * Theseus Pharmaceuticals Inc (THRX) -67.44% * Wells Fargo &amp; Company (WFC) +3.68% * Citigroup Inc (C) +1.13% * JP Morgan Chase &amp; Company (JPM) +2.92% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) +1.62% * Jd.com Inc ADR (JD) -2.49%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. (JPM) Expected Move: 3.06% * UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Expected Move: 3.44% * Wells Fargo &amp; Company (WFC) Expected Move: 4.24% * BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Expected Move: 2.60% * Citigroup Inc. (C) Expected Move: 3.21%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 08:30 AM (EST) Import Prices MoM (Jun) Estimates: -0.1, Prior: -0.4 * At 08:30 AM (EST) Export Prices MoM (Jun) Estimates: -0.2, Prior: -1.9 * At 01:00 PM (EST) Michigan Consumer Sentiment (Jul) Estimates: 65.5, Prior: 64.4  &amp;#x200B;  **Chart of the Day**  Tesla reports earnings next week. At the moment, options are pricing a 6.9% move.  &amp;#x200B;   2023-07-14 13:19:24]
[MSFT CC Mgmt,;,; Hey folks - considering few scenarios to manage this CC so I can get out with least impact. Have 2000 MSFT shares with basis of $150. Have CC going for past 3 years with mixed run (prev post below). Current situation - 20 contracts for $305c Mar 15, 2024. Price is at $411 today and option at $107 after bunch of roll up and out over past 12+ months (started CC since MSFT was $250 and my first CC strike was $265). Net-Net have about $160k loss on just CC option (I know can’t look at just the option loss as stock appreciated big time but laying it out there).   Scenario 1: Close out the position and realize ~$160k loss funding with 400 shares sale (net of all premium collected thus far).    Scenario 2: Keep rolling out and up with reasonable loss as no longer can do this with credit - until at some point stock catches up to my strike - can be many months or years as have seen this happen in my past experience with this stock   Scenario 3: Cut 5 contracts for every 5% drop in price so have a plan in action to get out totally    Scenario 4: given near 1 delta here and ~0 extrinsic, Roll out and up $25 every quarter at debit (eg coming to ~$36k for roll out and up from $305c 032024  to $330c 062024) so have a plan to get closer to stock price over next 12-18 months    Scenario 5: maybe buy OTM call (eg $425) to protect UPSIDE going forward    Scenario 6: there’s the collar option per tasty trade video referred in the thread below but this would mean I absorb $106 intrinsic value as cost for 20 contracts - seems cost prohibitive     Would welcome how you all have handled such deep ITM covered call options where I don’t want to sell the stock ($522k profit right now so hefty capital gain tax). Have to take some action this week as ex-div date approaching on 2/14 and don’t have much room given 1 delta  forcing assignment.     2024-02-05 01:38:44]
[MSFT Collar,;,; Hello, esteemed [r/options]( community! I'm holding on to 2500 MSFT shares with an average cost basis of $133. This means that if I sell right now, I'll incur significant capital gain taxes. I do want to hold on to my position and I think the stock can run up a few more dollars but it's getting up there now. Plus, I would like to reap the dividend benefits but getting nervous of the stock at $332. Yes, it still has upside potential and I believe in it, but the macro-economic situation seems a bit tipsy. I'm thinking of doing a collar option where I would do the following:  1. Buy 25 MSFT 320P Expiring Jan 24 2. Sell 25 MSFT 370C Expiring Jan 24  This is almost as close to a zero-cost collar and provides me with good downside protection while still giving enough breathing room for the stock to run up another 10-12% while absorbing any shocks from earnings or Fed going crazy again/recession. If the stock runs up like a rocket in the next couple of months, great. I'll exit at $370 and pay taxes. If it stays flat, I continue to get dividends and my options expire worthless. If it dips below $320, I can decide whether to close out my options position and up my cost basis (with the PUT appreciation) or sell MSFT at $320 and pay taxes.  See any concerns with this approach?,;,; 2023-06-01 20:04:17]
[Best options for ITM MSFT calls,;,; I sold some Microsoft calls at strike price $340 and currently they are ITM. They are set to expire soon. Even if I let them exercise I get a good return cause my cost basis was low. Do I just let them expire and take the profit? Or roll them over for higher strike price. Or just buy to close. They have been on fire lately but I think they might fall after the quarterly report to about 370ish.,;,; 2024-01-18 10:04:18]
[Msft covered calls,;,; Wrote 9 contracts on my Msft shares for a strike of 300 expiring Jan 2024. Premium collected is 13.50 on average. I don’t want to lose these shares (I know it’s stupid to write cc’s if you don’t want to) but buying them back at this price is roughly 30k. How should I best manage this? Bite the bullet and roll or wait for a pullback in share price to buy back? Really don’t want to have shares called away,;,; 2023-05-18 13:54:27]
[Navigating the Bull: Seeking Advanced Strategies for My Deep ITM MSFT Covered Call Position,;,; Hello, esteemed r/options community! A few months ago, I sought your invaluable insights about managing my complex covered call (CC) trade and was truly impressed by the quality and creativity of the responses. My MSFT shares and CC strategy have been doing wonders, and I'm back for more advice!  To recap, I own 1900 shares of MSFT and have been successfully running a covered call strategy for the past couple of years, generating a good stream of passive income. Following best practices, I set a 45DTE, target 20-30 delta, and manage out at 10 delta or 21DTE or when the strike price is breached.   This year, MSFT has been on a relentless bull run, and I've been continuously rolling out and up from $250. My CC stack is now 19 options deep with a strike price of $285, expiring 9/21. However, the fast-climbing price has left me deep in the money. The option price is at $57, far above my original premium of $5.  Despite this, I'm keen on holding my shares (cost basis at $150), considering the capital gains implications. While the trade has worked out exceptionally well for my stock position, I'm now facing a challenge on how best to manage this option stack.  I'm sure many of you have navigated such complex scenarios and I'm eager to hear your suggestions. How do I find the right roll here? What are the best practices for a situation like this, especially when you're this deep in the money? Any and all ideas are welcome.   Remember, this isn't just about avoiding losses, it's about learning, strategizing, and making the most of our options!  Thanks in advance for your help, fellow traders.  [Link to previous thread]( 2023-05-27 22:22:38]
[Short puts on QQQ and SPY with expiration prior to MSFT earnings release.,;,; Was a seller of various put options that were in the money at the close. However, given the positive after hours action after Microsoft reported, I assume none of the options will be exercised/assigned to me.   Has anyone had a lot of experience with this? Wondering if people get lucky if some holders of the options let the options auto exercise. Do the holders actually have to call in to their brokers and tell them not to auto exercise? Would be good for future reference to know if I’m on the other side of the trade.   Thanks in advance.,;,; 2023-04-26 04:26:40]
[CSP for 10-11 Months Total Return ?,;,; For a Newish Option Trader Does Following Strategy Work ?  Scenario : Cash balance : `155K` , SMA: `250k`  Target Stocks : AAPL, AMD, MSFT  Every Month Selling Puts **Upto 200K Colateral** and targeting `1.5 - 2%` premium (~3500)  Always Selling with `Low` Delta  Holding Till Expiry.   Rinse and Repeat for AAPL, MSFT, AMD  Avoiding Weeks of Earnings/Ex-dividend for Expiry.  Please Advise  1) Will This Strategy Provide a Steady 10-11% Return `Annaualized` ?  2) I Plan to Keep doing it for 7+ years. Instead of CSP, should I buy AMD/AAPL/MSFT and Hold for 7+ years.  Thanks in advance.,;,; 2024-01-24 18:43:48]
[Covered Call Advice needed,;,; Had sold to open cc for MSFT MAR 15 2024 $350 CALL back in June 2023. Obviously it’s deep ITM now and I don’t want to part with the stocks. What is my best option? To roll or close the position? TIA.,;,; 2024-01-19 19:09:21]
[Covered call advice needed,;,; \[Was asked to post here by the r/stocks  crew \]   I hold a bunch of MSFT shares that I got at a very low cost basis (\~45$)  Last June, when shit was taking a dump, our family wanted to buy a home in hte next 3-4 months. So I wanted to limit downside but not give up on upside. MSFT stock was at 240$ then. So I did a collar: bought puts for 220, and sold covered calls for 300 (both expiring Jan 19). Primary goal was to protect the investment to give us cash to buy a home if the price and location was great.  Fast forward to today - we did not buy the home for various reasons. We are still in the market, and might buy in another 6 months.  But as you can see from the current stock price (\~390)I lost quite bit of the upside. The calls come home to roost in 2 days :)  So what should I do?  \- Close the position and just tax loss harvest?   \- Lets the cals get assigned (and pay a huge amount of tax - might be in vain if we don't end up buying a home)   \- Roll the call: Set it up to 400 and push the date to Sept of this year  What would you do? Any suggestions?     Note: this money is not absolutely needed for us to buy the house. It will just help us take a smaller loan in a high interest rate environment and then refinance later. SO we are okay to leave it in the market for longer if needed. ,;,; 2024-01-17 20:03:26]
[Side money options strategy while selling stocks,;,; Hi, I am new to options. have some MSFT stocks that I plan to sell. What options strategy would you suggest to make some extra money while selling stocks. I am thinking I will sell some barely ITM calls with an year’s expiration. Since I am selling the stocks anyway I am ok if they get exercised. Is one year too long? Any other better strategy you would recommend?  Appreciate your help!,;,; 2024-01-19 18:41:02]
[Debit call spread value over time,;,; I purchased a $100 debit call spread on   MSFT exp 7/28 345/347.5   On 7/24 when MSFT was below 347.5 My thesis was that it is going to close above 347.5 by expiry  My expectation was that my sold call would be assigned if it is ITM at expiry, netting me $150 (250-$100)   But the value of the position itself has been ranging from a slight loss to a very slight profit, right now if we’re to close out the trade  I would make about $20.   If I were to graph the profit against time to expiry it would be very close to zero all the way to expiry and then suddenly go to $150, assuming that MSFT stays above 347.5 I expected the profit profile  to be a relatively smooth graph assuming no dramatic changes in IV and other external factors   Can someone educate me in this?  Or point me to sources to read about this specifically?   Additionally, What is the correct way to notate this trade ? I have looked around but it is not very clear..,;,; 2023-07-25 19:32:05]
[Can anyone share their short strangle candidates?,;,; I will go first:  1. MSFT 2. AMZN 3. IBM 4. TNA 5. TLT 6. GOOGL 7. GLD  &amp;#x200B;  Other candidates I have in mind but not yet try: TMF, TQQQ, SQQQ, UPRO,;,; 2023-05-06 19:40:40]
[Can holding contracts through earnings or 'big' events like CPI, FOMC be part of any legit strategy?,;,; Every since I started trading what I've heard is never to hold any swing positions through earnings or big events like FOMC, unless its a lotto or much longer term position trades.  But recently a buddy of mine joined a discord where a supposedly legit trader has been giving signals for earnings plays and for swings that span across CPI. He's been sharing some of the signals like TSLA 400C and MSFT 400C for august. This sounds really like lotto/gambling to me because how would we know the direction of earnings or fomc, cpi etc. without any insider knowledge.  Just wondering if there are 'real', non-wsb degen strategies for playing earnings or holding through those big events.,;,; 2023-07-11 19:34:59]
[manually routing orders - choosing exchange,;,; I trade weekly options, employing a scalping strategy, usually holding &lt;1 minute. I primarily trade SPY, AAPL, MSFT, GOOGL, AMD, AMZN.  With this strategy I need quick fills obvi. I use the Lightspeed platform, and can choose which option exchange (CBOE, BATS, PHLX, etc) to route the order to. Are any of the exchanges known for faster fills than others, particularly for weekly options on spy and megacaps?  Any to avoid?  Any perspective appreciated!,;,; 2023-11-14 02:59:44]
[Hodling Nvda since it was $7,50 : selling CC to get eventually assigned strategy so I can diversify?,;,; Hi everyone, I've had Nvidia (108 shares) since January 4th 2016 for a cost basis of about $7,50/share (bought AMZN at the same time too, these were the first stocks I ever bought). These are inside a TFSA (Canadian Tax Free Saving Account, equivalent of a Roth IRA in the US but better since I can cash out tax free anytime). I would like to sell my shares to diversify a bit (AAPL, MSFT, round up to a 100 shares my AMZN position, a few select US companies and the rest in an S&amp;P500 etf). For this I would like to sell 1-2 weeks CC, maybe $10-20 over the price in the hope they get assigned. I'm aware of the risks of the price starting to go dow in the meantime or skyrocketing again past $410-420. Since I've had Nvidia I went through 3 -50% since the highest peak, so not my first rodeo. Strategy suggestions welcome,;,; 2023-05-28 16:09:07]
[Expected moves/condor: Microsoft, Alphabet/Google,;,; * MSFT and GOOGL report after the close * SPOT is lower by about 6% on its report. Options priced about 8%  Happy mega-cap AI day to all those that celebrate as both Microsoft and Alphabet report after the close. Currently, options are pricing about a 5% for both stocks.  MSFT stock has given up all the gains from its mid-July gap higher. The 5% expected move lines up near those highs to the upside and to the monthly lows on the downside. An Iron Condor based on those levels would profit as long as MSFT was between 326.50 and 363.50 on Friday, lining up pretty close to those support and resistance levels. If the stock busts out of that range the risk is about 1.50 to 1 on this 2.5 wide example.       **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Electra Battery Materials Corp (ELBM) +64.23% * Bullfrog Ai Holdings Inc (BFRG) +49.42% * Nio Inc ADR (NIO) +4.43% * AMC Entertainment Holdings (AMC) -7.87% * General Motors Company (GM) -0.25% * Verizon Communications Inc (VZ) +2.38% * Stoke Therapeutics Inc (STOK) -21.83% * Spotify Technology S.A. (SPOT) -5.77% * General Electric Company (GE) +3.67% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) +0.97% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) +0.49%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Expected Move: 4.80% * Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Expected Move: 4.93% * Visa Inc. (V) Expected Move: 2.69% * Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Expected Move: 3.74% * Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Expected Move: 4.25% * Raytheon Technologies Corporation (RTX) Expected Move: 4.96% * General Electric Company (GE) Expected Move: 4.20% * 3M Company (MMM) Expected Move: 3.91% * Spotify Technology S.A. (SPOT) Expected Move: 9.20% * Snap Inc. (SNAP) Expected Move: 19.61%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 09:00 AM (EST) S&amp;P/Case-Shiller Home Price YoY (May) Estimates: -2.2, Prior: -1.7 * At 09:00 AM (EST) S&amp;P/Case-Shiller Home Price MoM (May) Estimates: 1.2, Prior: 1.7 * At 10:00 AM (EST) CB Consumer Confidence (Jul) Estimates: 111.8, Prior: 109.7  &amp;#x200B;  **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): JPM (79), AMC (78), COST (77), BAC (76), MS (76), PRU (76) * Oversold (RSI): DIS (41), FL (41), AXP (42) * High IV: AMC (+249%), NKLA (+215%), TMC (+175%), SNAP (+155%), SAVE (+153%) * Unusual Options Volume: AMC (+929%), SPOT (+837%), GM (+636%), LOW (+615%), GPS (+547%), GME (+538%), GE (+497%)  Full lists here: [Options AI Free Tools](  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-25 13:10:46]
[Is there a list of companies or a tock watchlist with Partnerships with NVDA and Open AI?,;,; Title say it all. All I could find was MSFT and NOW.,;,; 2023-05-26 22:32:45]
[Sell my company stock to buy QQQ, and then sell daily OTM call?,;,; I work at a tech company (one of Amazon/Meta/GOOG/MSFT) and has \~200k company stocks in hand. I have been hold QQQ positions for a long time and have been selling DTE=1 (expiry=tomorrow) OTM covered calls, and had good profits (essentially wheel strategy -- if QQQ is called away, I sell put to buy it back).  I want to apply the wheel on my company stocks, but it has only weekly options (expired on Fridays). Selling covered calls 3-5 days away leads to exercise more often than selling calls 1-day away, therefore has less profit from the covered calls.  So I'm thinking to sell the company stocks in exchange of QQQ, to be able to sell 1-day expiry covered calls. But I'm still hesitated on the pros and cons. Any analysis/advice is quite appreciated!  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-08-05 18:01:39]
[Big difference between Option Prices returned by Model VS ThinkOrSwim Platform.,;,; Hi, I need some assistance with the inputs for Black Scholes Model.  I am looking at  [Option Price Calculator (option-price.com)](  to get Option Prices BUT the prices returned are very different than what I see in TOS. For example for MSFT 5/19 $200 Strike PUT the price is 0.11. I used Current Price of MSFT at 271, Dividend 1 % and Interest rate of 5% (default) and IMVOL of 32.69 (got from TOS) . But in thinkOrSwim the same Put Option premium is .70.   I found an implementation of Black Scholes Model and put in these values, the model also returned the option price of 0.11.  Does anybody know what I am doing wrong with the model and site inputs ?  &amp;#x200B;  Cheers !!,;,; 2023-03-21 17:26:08]
[ATVI call options,;,; What happens to in-the-money $ATVI options when the $MSFT acquisition is complete and $ATVI is delisted? Will they cash settle? Or do I need to be prepared to execute if they're not closed?  Please don't speculate--I'd like to hear from an expert.  Many thanks!,;,; 2023-09-11 18:09:04]
[Roll covered call,;,; I have a covered call option MSFT AUG 18 2023 $290 CALL which is deeply ITM now. I don’t want the option to get assigned as I don’t want to part with the stocks. What are my options to roll? Closing out the option or Rolling up and out at a higher strike price is costing a lot of money as I have two contracts. TIA.,;,; 2023-06-15 18:42:38]
[Expected moves: Microsoft and Alphabet,;,; Alphabet and Microsoft highlight a busy earnings day, both reporting after the close.  Microsoft options are pricing about a 4% move. Prior earnings saw actual moves of -4%, +7%, -1%, -8%. At 60 IV, the options expiring this week are about twice the 30-day IV. The stock itslef has not been that volatile into the event, having essentially flatlined since the first week of October. 30 day realized vol (how much the stock has been actually moving) is just 20, compared to its realized vol over the past year of 29. Sometimes it's interesting to look at trade breakevens zoomed really far out, here's an Iron Condor with strikes based on the expected move, expiring this Friday, on the one-year chart. The levels  are pretty closely aligned with the highs and lows over the past 2 and a half months or so:  &amp;#x200B;    Alphabet options are pricing about a 4.5% move. Recent earnings have seen moves of +6%, 0%, -3% and -9%. Like MSFT the stock has been flatlining the past few weeks (albeit like everything in the market it's been moving intraday and day to day, just not ending up anywhere new). It's realized vol of 22 over the past 30 days compares to the stock's 34 vol over the past year. Its weekly expiry IV of 70 is about twice its 30 day of 35, a similar 2x to MSFT.  &amp;#x200B;  **Early Movers:**  * Coca-Cola Company (KO) +3.01% * Spotify Technology S.A. (SPOT) +3.03% * Verizon Communications Inc (VZ) +4.11% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) +1.21%  &amp;#x200B;  **Earnings After the Bell:**  * Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Expected Move: 3.89% * Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Expected Move: 4.41% * Visa Inc. (V) Expected Move: 3.23% * Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Expected Move: 3.97% * Chubb Limited (CB) Expected Move: 5.72% * Snap Inc. (SNAP) Expected Move: 16.38% * F5, Inc. (FFIV) Expected Move: 6.40% * Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Expected Move: 8.50% * Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Expected Move: 6.16% * Teladoc Health, Inc. (TDOC) Expected Move: 11.97%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar**  * At 09:45 AM (EST) S&amp;P Global Composite PMI (Oct) Impact: Medium * At 09:45 AM (EST) S&amp;P Global Services PMI (Oct) Estimates: 49.8, Prior: 50.1 * At 09:45 AM (EST) S&amp;P Global Manufacturing PMI (Oct) Estimates: 49.5, Prior: 49.8  **Unusual Options Volume**  SPOT (+1225%), OKTA (+1054%), TTWO (+1003%), MSTR (+976%), COIN (+695%), MARA (+616%), RIOT (+593%), TSLA (+544%), JETS (+502%), NFLX (+476%),;,; 2023-10-24 13:23:46]
[The Indicators You Should Be Using,;,;    ## If anyone is trying to sell you an indicator but can't explain exactly what it does or why it works, it's probably junk.   Many traders see technical indicators and try to apply them to every stock they see. On the other hand, professional traders focus on finding an edge — a reason why an option or stock might be undervalued or overvalued. Only after they find an edge do they use indicators to determine when the edge exists.   Take Bollinger bands as an example. Bollinger bands show the X standard deviations from the stock price. It's just a math equation using historical, public data. Applying Bollinger bands to the S&amp;P500 (an index with essentially random price movements) won't get you anywhere. At any given time, the S&amp;P 500 is just as likely to go up as down.  # So When Might Bollinger Bands Work?  A pair trade using Bollinger bands could work.   Imagine the ratio between two similar stocks (such as Apple and Microsoft) is fairly constant. Because these companies are fairly similar, you can expect them to move in tandem.   After using statistics to verify the relationships between stock prices are mean-reverting, you could plot Bollinger bands around the ratio of the stock prices. You could use that to determine when one stock is too expensive relative to the other. If the AAPL/MSFT price ratio rose suddenly and touched the Bollinger Band, we could sell AAPL and buy MSFT with the expectation that their relative prices will revert back towards the mean.   This trade works because similar assets should trade at similar prices. Sometimes there is just a little more demand for AAPL than MSFT from institutional funds, and prices diverge a little. However, because the fundamentals of both companies remain the same, prices should converge as demand subsides.   **Mindlessly applying an RSI indicator, MACD, or moving average isn't going to get you anywhere.**   If they really worked, nobody would sell stock during bullish signals. Nobody would buy stock during bearish signals. Everyone can see the same indicators you do. If they worked, you wouldn't be able to make profitable trades.  Many signal groups or other paid services advertise their indicators as the next big thing, perhaps utilizing some fancy form of machine learning algorithm or artificial intelligence. However, there's so much noise in the market that it's easy to look like you found something, even though it's not really there.   # Trading indicators should be built around an idea. They shouldn't be the idea itself.  Good luck, and happy trading!,;,; 2023-03-23 16:50:30]
[Ideas on adjusting a credit spread- thanks,;,; I have the MSFT 310/315 May 12 call credit. After today my bottom leg is ITM. I had 161 credit on this trade. I can roll 2 weeks out, and get .92 more credit. This seems like a pretty good deal to increase my break even to 312.5 and get two more weeks to have things move my way. Am I missing something?  Is there any risk of early assignment on my short leg tomorrow?,;,; 2023-05-11 04:50:21]
[Strategies after a quick 35% gain,;,; I’ve been wheeling and selling CSPs the last couple months. Opened some CSP on TSLA, NVDA, and MSFT yesterday, and they all have a nice 25-35% gain after 1 day. Do most close out quickly to lock in the gains or roll them to a lower strike?  I like looking at contracts from a $/day perspective. I usually get around $10-20/day wheeling at .3 Delta, so a quick $200/day is always nice to lock in.,;,; 2023-05-26 14:52:42]
[credit spread where one leg is barely in the money...?,;,; I sold some credit spreads for MSFT for today 307.5/310. I was/am sort of confident they (the calls) will expire worthless thus getting the max gain(premium). But what if it happens to go to 307.51 and I get assigned? I do have margin and a decent amount of cash, but not enough for all assignments...would they liquidate positions or simply take from the collateral the difference?This is Fidelity.  e.g. 0.01 \* 100 \* number of calls ??  &amp;#x200B;  I know most people recommend closing the positions before they expire, but I'm tempted by an extra $150 again or so :)  edit:  already closed them but would still like to learn  &amp;#x200B;  edit2:  damn thing ended up going all the way to 307.50 AH lol,;,; 2023-04-28 16:05:00]
[Help me understand the theta on my long call.,;,; I have a long call option on MSFT with an expiration date of 19/01/2024 at a strike price of 290. Initially, I did a couple of PMCCs when I bought it in May 2022, and later did more when the stock price came back up in March. Now that the long call is profitable with about 6 more months to go, I'm considering whether to close it, take profits, and open a new one or hold on and do more PMCCs until the next earnings before closing it. I'm concerned about the decay of the long call's theta. Looking at the option chain for the 290 strike expiring on 19/01/2024, the theta is currently 0.073. Will this number increase as the long call gets closer to expiration?",;,; 2023-06-15 10:00:40]
[ATVI Covered Calls if shares are delisted?,;,; I've owned shares in ATVI since before the announcement that MSFT was going to (attempt) to acquire them, and considered selling covered calls against it. Is there any risk if I sell a November 17 2023 covered call with a $95 Strike? Assuming the acquisition somehow is approved (unlikely after yesterday's news) is there a serious risk to holding the call if ATVI is delisted from the NYSE before November 17th due to the appeal going Microsoft's way? Does the option become effectively useless, and I keep the premium?,;,; 2023-04-27 19:45:28]
[Buy Microsoft Call?,;,; Hi Guys, I’m new to options trading in the sense that I’ve never executed any real trades before, but I’m well educated on options trading theory.  I was wondering however how you guys can be sure that a certain trade will most certainly go your way? I graduated college and just started working a few months ago, but I want to start trading. For example, I’d like to buy this MSFT Nov 310 Call, but 2K is quite the amount for me, but I’m willing to risk it, because I’m sure the stock will increase enough till Nov that I’ll lock in a profit. My question is what factors give you guys the confidence to trade regularly, and is my reasoning regarding this option right in your opinion?,;,; 2023-04-08 06:27:56]
[ITM Options during and acquisition closing,;,; What happens to a call option that is OTM at the time after an acquisition announcement, but the buyer intends hold the option through the closing date of the acquisition when it will be ITM?  For example, if someone buys ATVI options at a strike of $93 and the current price is 1.25 for expiry July 21st, and the acquisition closes on Monday at $95 per stock.   From my understanding MSFT have to purchase the contract at a price of 2.00 to represent the difference in strike and purchase price (since time value will be non existent due to the acceleration of expiration). I'm open to learn what happens to an option in this circumstance. If true will this transaction then be automatic at time of closing?  Thanks for the lesson!,;,; 2023-07-11 18:07:55]
[Top changes to open interest calls and puts (Thursday, Mar. 16),;,; Top gains in open interest call options  1. $QQQ: 131,788 2. $SCHW: 104,966 3. $SPY: 102,644 4. $BAC: 101,011 5. $C: 45,236  Top gains in open interest put options for  1. $QQQ:160,263 2. $SPY:123,578 3. $AAPL: 87,470 4. $BAC: 75,113 5. $MSFT: 56,015  Top percentage increase open interest calls  1. $FRC: 31% 2. $CFG: 28% 3. $SCHW: 26% 4. $TFC: 23% 5. $MTCH: 22%  Top percentage increase open interest puts  1. $FRC: 44% 2. $HOG: 25% 3. $FIVE: 23% 4. $ASO: 17% 5. $MTCH: 16%,;,; 2023-03-16 20:58:02]
[Closing out a position automatically with a limit order,;,; I sold my first CCs on MSFT last week, and this is my first time selling a CC. I have a number of shares, so I'm trying to figure it out right now. If it gets called away I'll be a little bummed but I have enough in the position that I would prefer to start diversifying even though I like the stock.   The calls are 3/31 270 strike at 2.52/share. I set a sell to close order today with a limit of 1.00 per share, so I should net $150 profit assuming it is filled. It's a 'good until killed' order. My brokerage is Fidelity (if that makes a difference).     Is this a good way to close the position without having to babysit it? Is there a better way? I'm quite happy to take 50%-70% profits while holding onto the stock.,;,; 2023-03-09 03:48:30]
[Double Calendar Spreads leading into earnings?,;,; Hey folks, starting to paper trade and backtest out some double calendar spreads, selling the first monthly calls/puts after earnings and buying the monthlies(due to higher Open Interest/narrower B/A spread than weeklies) after that. Looking to place the initial trade a couple weeks ahead of earnings near IV lows and set a limit order at some profit percentage(still sorting this one out) or get out the day before earnings.  In theory it seems like all the greeks should be in my favor here:  * Vega of the further dated should be greater, so profit off the IV expansion leading up to earnings. * Theta decay of nearer dated call should be greater. Profit there. * Delta of the further dated option should be greater, so profit off of any move within the put and call range.     In theory, everything seems great(well with something boring like MSFT), but I know devilish details like liquidity, B/A spreads(even more so as they widen due to volatility), and likely complicated management of trade should it move against me(yes, this is a big one that I still need to sort out!) are things that still need further scrutiny. For folks who have attempted similar things, any words of wisdom to share?,;,; 2023-02-20 01:01:18]
[Expected Moves This Week: Fed Decision, KRE, XLF, Nike, Gamestop and more.,;,; ## Market View  **Last Week – Slightly higher for stocks put plenty of volatility**.  SPY was up 1.1% on the week, a move less than half of what options were pricing. However, the market had multiple swings of more than 3% within the week and closed the week badly with a selloff on Friday. The VIX closed the week slightly higher but also saw large swings, nearly 30 on the upper end and 22 on the lower end. Last week’s volatile swings in the broader market were largely based on the wild swings in banks both large and small, with large bank Credit Suisse entering the conversation. Some of the best-performing stocks last week were in large-cap tech as a rotation to those names was spurred by lower interest rates and declining treasury yields.  Continuing signs of stress in the banking sector could spook stocks and confuse the options market, attempting to price both the downside market risk of bank runs and the potential for melt-ups happening elsewhere as rotations take place among investors eyeing declining yields (and a potentially dovish Fed). As one example among many, Microsft (MSFT) was higher by more than 12% last week, while KRE (the regional bank etf) was lower by 14%. Those type of competing moves resulted in an overall market that was almost flat on the week, but underneath the hood was some chaos.  Back to treasuries, short-term yields saw some of their wildest swings in years. For instance, the 2-year yield closed the week at 3.85%, down from 5% on March 7th. That’s a fast move. The bond market is essentially calling the Fed’s bluff on where rates will be in the near future. Speaking of the Fed…  **This Week – A Big Decision by The Fed**  A consortium of mid-sized banks sent a letter over the weekend to the FDIC requesting a rules change to guarantee deposits for the next two years in an attempt to stem further bank runs. A couple of weeks ago it was assumed the Fed would keep its foot on the gas on rate hikes and the market was settling into an assumption of higher rates for longer as inflation numbers remained somewhat stubborn. All that has now changed and the Fed has big decisions to make in the next few meetings. The FOMC announcement is Wednesday and a Powell presser follows. The market still assumes a 25 basis point hike (after some thought 50 just a few weeks ago) but a pause wouldn’t be a shock at this point. The reaction by the market to any of those scenarios would be tough to read ahead of time because the reasons given by the Fed are arguably more important.  SPY options are pricing about a 2.6% move for the week, similar to last week. The majority of the move is being priced by options for the actual FOMC day. Here’s this week’s SPY levels for a 2.6% expected move, about $400 on the upside and $380 on the downside. Note the bulge in the expected move chart mid-week, as option IV jumps from about 19 before the meeting to 26 after:  &amp;#x200B;    **Expected Moves for This Week** ([via Options AI free tools](  * SPY **2.6%** * QQQ **2.9%**  * IWM **3.6%**  * DIA **2.3%**   &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar**  * Monday – **Lagarde (ECB) speech** * Wednesday – **FOMC Interest Rate Decision, Powell Presser** * Friday – **Durable Goods, Capital Goods**  &amp;#x200B;  **Weekly** **Expected Moves (in the News) (**[**via Options AI free tools**](  * XLF **4.3%** (was down 6% last week) * KRE **10%** (was down 14% last week) * TLT **2.4%** (was up 1% last week)  &amp;#x200B;  **Unusual Option Volume on Friday**  FRC, RIOT, MOS, DASH, ALT, GLD, BK, MSFT, NVDA, ICLN, COIN, MSTR  ##   ## Earnings This Week  Via the [Options AI Earnings Calendar]( Expected move and prior earnings moves (starting with most recent).  **Tuesday**  * **Nike** NKE / **Expected Move: 7.5%** / Recent moves: 0%, -3%, -2% * **GameStop** GME / **Expected Move: 13.5%** / Recent moves: +11%, +7%, +10%  **Wednesday**  * **Chewy** CHWY / **Expected Move: 10%** / Recent moves: +4%, -8%, +24%, -16%,;,; 2023-03-19 20:22:40]
[Earnings expected moves this week: Microsoft, Meta, Alphabet, Boeing and more,;,;    A quick cheat sheet for some earnings this week with current expected moves. The moves may change slightly before the reports, and there's a lot more companies not mentioned, so check back in via (free) [Options AI Calendar]( for more:  &amp;#x200B;  *Monday*  * **DPZ** Dominos **4.9%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Tuesday:*  * **MSFT** Microsoft Corporation **5.0%** * **GOOGL** Alphabet Inc. **5.2%** * **V** Visa Inc. **2.9%** * **TXN** Texas Instruments Incorporated **3.9%** * **RTX** Raytheon Technologies Corporation **2.6%** * **GE** General Electric Company **3.9%** * **GM** General Motors Company **4.4%** * **SPOT** Spotify Technology S.A. **9.0%** * **GLW** Corning Incorporated **4.3%** * **SNAP** Snap Inc. **19.0%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Wednesday*  * **META** Meta **8.5%** * **CMG** Chipotle **5.7%** * **KO** The Coca-Cola Company **1.7%** * **BA** The Boeing Company **4.1%** * **T** AT&amp;T Inc. **4.8%** * **EQNR** Equinor ASA **5.2%** * **LRCX** Lam Research Corporation **5.0%** * **ORLY** O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.**4.6%** * **CMG** Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. **5.7%** * **EBAY** eBay Inc. **4.7%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Thursday*  * **MA** Mastercard  **2.9%** * **ABBV** AbbVie Inc. **3.4%** * **MCD** McDonald's **2.4%** * **TMUS** T-Mobile US, Inc. **4.3%** * **INTC** Intel Corporation **6.2%** * **HON** Honeywell International Inc. **3.0%** * **BMY** Bristol-Myers Squibb  **2.8%** * **BUD** Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV **2.1%** * **BSX** Boston Scientific Corporation **4.3%** * **NOC** Northrop Grumman Corporation **3.1%** * **SAN** Banco Santander, S.A. **6.1%** * **KLAC** KLA Corporation **5.2%** * **VALE** Vale S.A. **3.5%** * **F** Ford Motor Company **4.9%**  &amp;#x200B;  *Friday*  * **XOM** Exxon Mobil Corporation **2.6%** * **PG** The Procter &amp; Gamble Company **2.6%** * **CVX** Chevron Corporation **2.5%** * **AZN** AstraZeneca PLC **2.8%**  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-23 19:18:04]
[Question on LEAPS underlying selection,;,;  Hey All, first time poster here.   I am relatively new to LEAPS options and I am looking for some help around screening the underlying. I understand that it is subject to individual’s risk tolerance and knowledge. I am looking for a general advice / suggestion on this.   1. When selecting the stocks for LEAPs, are there any things y’all consider such as fundamental analysis, chart patterns, analysts’ estimates etc.  2. Liquidity of LEAPs: How would you measure if LEAPs are liquid. Non-technology companies (especially bio-tech and Pharma) not really having a good volume / OI for long future dates. Would it be very risky for such companies?  3. Which expiry is a safe/sweet spot of LEAPS (1 year, 1.5 years)?  4. Would y’all be preferring ETFs (QQQ, SPY, XLF… etc) over individual stocks for LEAPs?  5. How about LEAPs on the leveraged ETFs like TQQQ, SOXL etc? Does it affect huge decays as they are very volatile?  Currently, I own LEAPs of BABA, INTC and SMAR. My selections for the LEAPs partly because of the underlying price (&lt; $100) makes them affordable and are based on Conviction, Fundamentals and growth potential in next 1 year ( I hope/wish they grow :)). I have allocated certain percentage of my portfolio to LEAPS, which gives me a budget of about $10K. I am thinking of 4-5 LEAPs with that. Although I love companies like ADBE, MSFT, BKNG etc. their LEAPs options are very expensive. I would hardly get 1-2 for my 10K budget, which might hinder the “diversity” factor.   Appreciate your responses!   Happy Investing!,;,; 2023-07-02 22:33:00]
[Expected Moves: Meta, IBM, Servicenow and more.,;,; The indices are getting pulled in a couple different directions this morning due to some big-cap stocks going in different directions on earnings. Microsoft and Boeing are both higher, both slightly inside the expected move at this point. Alphabet is lower and by slightly more than what options were pricing. That mix has the DJIA going one way and the QQQ's going the other. And the SPY/SPX is saying "Waddya want from me?" (bonus points if you got that).  This afternoon we have Meta earnings. Currently, META options are pricing an almost 7.5% move. That's more than the +4.5% the stock moved last earnings but oh boy, the ones before that? +14%, +23%, and -25%. Massive moves for a company of that size/market cap.   The stock itself has been volatile over the past few months but finds itself in essentially the same place it was in early August. The stock is down about 4% from its mid-Summer highs and up about 10% from its mid-August lows.  One particular thing of note, the weekly options (expiring Friday) are 135 IV or so. The 30day IV is 50. That's a pretty big difference and it results in an expected move chart that is much straighter/flatter than normal meaning a breakeven 30-45 days on a spread trade may only be a small difference in the stock. Here's an example. A call spread expiring this week, targeting the expected move to the upside. It is 25 wide and maxes out at 337.50 to the upside. Its breakeven is 322.60 in the stock:    Compare that to a call spread targeting a level $10 higher in the stock on Dec 1st expiry:  &amp;#x200B;    The breakeven is less than $4 higher (about 1.2% in the stock), has more room to run to the upside, and an additional 35 days or so to do it. This is just a bullish example, the same would be true looking to the downside. This set-up is very similar to Netflix last week, where the earnings expiry was nearly 3x 30-day IV. As a comparison, MSFT and GOOGL yesterday were 2x. This is just one thing to look out for when choosing expiry, those IV differences can be informative, and one way to compare is via expected move levels and trade breakevens.  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Expected Moves:**  * Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) Expected Move: 7.24% * International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Expected Move: 3.45% * ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Expected Move: 5.20% * KLA Corporation (KLAC) Expected Move: 3.90% * O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Expected Move: 5.20% * Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Expected Move: 3.31% * Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Expected Move: 6.74% * QuantumScape Corporation (QS) Expected Move: 11.13%  Searchable list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Movers this Morning:**  * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) -5.95% * Snap Inc (SNAP) +3.19% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) +4.36% * Boeing Company (BA) +3.15% * Meta Platforms Inc (META) -0.18% * Texas Instruments (TXN) -6.25% * Verizon Communications Inc (VZ) +0.32%  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 10:00 AM (EST) New Home Sales MoM (Sep) Impact: Medium * At 04:35 PM (EST) Fed Chair Powell Speech Impact: High     **Unusual Activity (yesterday's option volume compared to 30d avg.):**   * SPOT (+1105%), SNAP (+1033%), COIN (+960%), MSTR (+924%), MARA (+820%), RIOT (+706%), SNOW (+400%), NFLX (+372%), TSLA (+368%), QQQ (+343%), META (+294%)  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-25 13:45:06]
[Covered Calls on Company RSU / ESPP,;,; Between RSU and ESPP I've acquired \~1,000 shares of a large tech company. Recently, I've learned that a handful of my close colleagues are using a covered calls (CCs) to generate a 1-2%/month synthetic dividend on their company stock. It looks like some other very large tech forms (MSFT) are silent on employees selling covered calls (ie. their policy allows it, or more accurately - doesn't forbid it).  However, I just read through my company's insider trading policy and trading of any derivatives is forbidden. Blackout periods are restricted only to c-suite and senior exec, but the derivatives trading rule applies to all employees. For the policy to forbid short selling makes complete sense to me - the conflict of interest and bad public message that sends is obvious. However, forbidding any calls, especially CCs, seems silly. The policy strongly recommends employees retain their vested stock, yet there is obviously nothing against selling it. Therefore forbidding covered calls just removes a potential income stream from those devoted to the company - it would seem I'm better off selling to diversify, and using CCs on everything else I hold.  Some of my colleagues have been doing CCs for 4+ years without issue. Given that the strategy is used consistently throughout the year (not boom/bust around earnings), it would seem to follow that it's free of being tainted with insider info (we're all low-level engineers with none). So, for something that doesn't fall under the classic definition of insider trading (e.g. not all company's forbid calls/CCs), but violates the company policy, what is the true risk? Getting fired for violating policy seems like an obvious one. But I'm curious whether violating the policy alone would get you flagged with the SEC if the CC strategy was being done without any insider info?,;,; 2023-07-31 00:49:01]
[Trading supply and demand,;,; I recently began scalping SPY, and have mainly used price action patterns and supply and demand to make my trades. I don't use any indicators. I am new to holding positions for smaller timeframes(anywhere from 5-30 minutes). I won't be able to daytrade for much longer, as I will be out of the house for most of the trading day. Therefore, I'm getting used to scalping now. I want to mostly trade from 6:30 AM PST to 7:30 AM PST. Today was my second day doing this type of trading. Yesterday, I made 85 dollars on my 1k account, setting tight stoplosses. I went 2-0. I will increase my position once I get more consistent, but right now, I'm doing 1 contract positions and 50 dollar stop losses on contracts with a .5 delta.  However, there are some days where the price just shoots up from market open, and no new supply/demand zones form. Today (April 13th) was a day that fit this description. At least, I think it was.  I am curious what others who trade this strategy do when this happens. I tried to make 2 trades today, both of which were losers. The 1st one, I raised my stop loss prematurely. The 2nd, I traded against the trend, which I now realize is generally not the best idea. I only lost 25 dollars, since, as stated for the 1st trade, I moved up my stoploss, and for the second trade, I just knew it would be a loser after a bit (in the long run, i was correct and it did in fact lose much more).  From today's experience, I feel like I should just stick to supply and demand. Should I just not trade during days like this? That is probably better than forcing trades. Or maybe I should look at 2-3 more charts, (QQQ, AAPL, MSFT, AMD)?  Appreciate the help! If anyone wants to give some advice to a beginner trader, that'd be good.,;,; 2023-04-14 03:03:41]
[Expected moves: SPY, JP Morgan, Tesla, Netflix and more,;,; CPI came in slightly hot this morning and put a damper on a pre-market rally. Traders need to keep an eye on yields as a cheat sheet for how that inflation data is being interpreted. 1, 2 and 10 year Treasury yields all jumped on the number. Here's how options are pricing today:  **0DTE Expected moves:**  * SPY 0.7% (roughly $433-$440 strikes) * QQQ 0.8% (roughly $368-$375 strikes)     **Earnings Season**  A look ahead at JP Morgan tomorrow morning. 2.7% expected move vs last 4 moves of +0.6%, +7.5%, +2.5%, +1.7%. Roughly $142-$150 strikes:  &amp;#x200B;       **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Tempest Therapeutics Inc (TPST) -39.82% * Nvidia Corp (NVDA) -0.21% * Amazon.com Inc (AMZN) +0.55% * Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM) +0.67% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) +0.57% * Meta Platforms Inc (META) +0.27% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) -0.57% * Futu Holdings Ltd ADR (FUTU) -1.02%     **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Infosys Limited (INFY) Expected Move: 5.48% * Fastenal Company (FAST) Expected Move: 3.90% * Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Expected Move: 4.06% * Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Expected Move: 5.85% * Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) Expected Move: 4.90%  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 08:30 AM (EST) Initial Jobless Claims (Oct/07) Estimates: 210, Prior: 209 * At 08:30 AM (EST) Core Inflation Rate MoM (Sep) Estimates: 0.3%, Prior: 0.3     **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): CRWD (73), ATVI (72), AMGN (72), LLY (71), X (71), META (68), PLTR (67) * Oversold (RSI): BAX (19), GLW (25), MCD (26), CL (27), DG (29), PG (30), PEP (31), CCL (32), NFLX (33) * High IV: PG (+145%), SNAP (+145%), PFE (+144%), IBM (+143%), JBLU (+141%), MCD (+139%), BYND (+135%), JETS (+134%), KO (+134%) * Unusual Options Volume: BAX (+1168%), AMGN (+672%), NFLX (+495%), LOW (+486%), PEP (+475%), FUTU (+456%), DAL (+394%), WBA (+383%), ADBE (+374%), META (+348%), TSLA (+324%), MSTR (+319%), MRK (+311%)  &amp;#x200B;  **A look ahead:**   2023-10-12 13:19:46]
[Expected Moves: Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet, Snap, Boeing and more.,;,; SPY was down 2.5% last week, more than the 1.8% move options were pricing. Despite the day-to-day volatility, it is only down about 1.6% on the month. Speaking of the day-to-day volatility, intraday volatility has been even more extreme, adding to the feeling of a wild market even though it hasn't necessarily cracked or seen panic selling overall. However, certain sectors have seen steep declines recently, and the VIX is now near 22, its highest level since March. As was the case with September expiry, this week begins a new vol/gamma regime where some of the strikes that may have been acting as support or even magnets over the past week or so have expired. Keep an eye not only on the VIX this week but also the 0DTE expected moves. Currently SPY 0DTe expected moves are approaching 1% and QQQ is now over 1% each day. Several days last week the markets moved that amount in both directions, multiple times in a day.  &amp;#x200B;  **Expected Moves for the Week**  * **SPY**: 1.8% (roughly $413-$429) * **QQQ**: 2.3% (roughly $346-$363) * **IWM**: 2.4% (roughly $162-$171) * **TLT** 2.1% (roughly $81-$85) * **USO** 3.5% (roughly $77-$84)  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar**  *Tuesday*  * 9:45am - SP Global PMI  *Wednesday*  * 10am - New Home Sales  *Thursday*  * 8:15am - ECB Monetary Policy Announcement * 8:30am - GDP  *Friday*  * 8:30am - Core PCE  &amp;#x200B;  **Earnings Calendar with Expected Moves**  *Tuesday*  * **MSFT** Microsoft Corporation **4.2%** * **GOOGL** Alphabet Inc. **4.9%** * **V** Visa Inc. **3.5%** * **KO** The Coca-Cola Company **2.3%** * **NVS** Novartis AG **3.4%** * **TXN** Texas Instruments Incorporated **4.3%** * **GE** General Electric Company **5.3%** * **RTX** Raytheon Technologies Corporation **4.1%** * **SNAP** Snap **17.5%**  *Wednesday*  * **META** Meta Platforms, Inc. **7.8%** * **TMO** Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. **4** **.5%** * **TMUS** T-Mobile US, Inc. **3.9%** * **IBM** International Business Machines Corporation **4.0%** * **NOW** ServiceNow, Inc. **6.0%** * **BA** The Boeing Company **4.9%** * **KLAC** KLA Corporation **4.9%** * **PXD** Pioneer Natural Resources Company **2.8%** * **ORLY** O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. **5.5%**  *Thursday*  * **AMZN** Amazon.com, Inc. **6.2%** * **MA** Mastercard Incorporated **3.8%** * **MRK** Merck &amp; Co., Inc. **3.3%** * **UPS** United Parcel Service, Inc. **4.8%** * **HON** Honeywell International Inc. **3.3%** * **BMY** Bristol-Myers Squibb Company **3.1%** * **MO** Altria Group, Inc. **2.0%** * **NOC** Northrop Grumman Corporation **3.0%** * **BSX** Boston Scientific Corporation **3.5%** * **VALE** Vale S.A. **4.0%** * **CMG** Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. **6.4%** * **VLO** Valero Energy Corporation **3.8%** * **F** Ford Motor Company **5.0%**  *Friday*  * **CVX** Chevron Corporation **2.7%** * **XOM** Exxon Mobile **3.0%** * **ABBV** AbbVie Inc. **3.8%**  &amp;#x200B;    &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-23 03:54:13]
[Expected moves: FOMC and Facebook/Meta,;,; Tons of earnings again today, highlighted by META after the close.  META's expected move of around 8% is significantly less than the prior 3 actual moves. The last time the stock moved less than that on earnings was this quarter's report last year.          There's also a Fed meeting today! The 0DTE expected move in SPY today is about 0.7% which is not 'high' but it is a lot more than recent 0DTE expected moves which have been around 0.4%. So between the slate of earnings and the FOMC, options are pricing almost twice as much movement as they have been at these extremely low levels of IV. In fact, today's SPY options are 14 IV, they've been as low as the single digits recently. After the FOMC, options reset a bit, with the expected move into Friday just 0.9% and next week's options back to 11 IV.  &amp;#x200B;  **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Warrantee Inc ADR (WRNT) +25.58% * Silicon Motion Techn ADR (SIMO) +82.91% * Snap Inc (SNAP) -17.03% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) -3.33% * Tower Semiconductor (TSEM) +11.36% * Dish Network Corp (DISH) +9.72% * Alphabet Cl C (GOOG) +6.12% * Meta Platforms Inc (META) +2.37% * Teladoc Health Inc (TDOC) +7.51%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) Expected Move: 8.25% * The Coca-Cola Company (KO) Expected Move: 1.69% * Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Expected Move: 4.07% * Union Pacific Corporation (UNP) Expected Move: 6.31% * The Boeing Company (BA) Expected Move: 4.03% * ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Expected Move: 5.20% * AT&amp;T Inc. (T) Expected Move: 4.24% * Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP) Expected Move: 3.62% * Equinor ASA (EQNR) Expected Move: 6.25% * Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Expected Move: 5.20% * eBay Inc. (EBAY) Expected Move: 4.49%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 10:00 AM (EST) New Home Sales (Jun) Estimates: 0.725, Prior: 0.763 * At 10:00 AM (EST) New Home Sales MoM (Jun) Estimates: -4, Prior: 12.2 * At 02:00 PM (EST) Fed Interest Rate Decision Estimates: 5.5, Prior: 5.25 * At 05:30 PM (EST) Fed Press Conference Impact: High  &amp;#x200B;  **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): UPST (78), COST (77), DE (76), JNJ (75), MS (74), JPM (74), ABNB (74) * Oversold (RSI): APLS (11), SPOT (31), F (37), AXP (40), AAL (41) * High IV: IDEX (+513%), TLRY (+123%), TMUS (+118%) * Unusual Options Volume: SPOT (+1229%), MMM (+747%), SNAP (+712%), DKNG (+511%), PINS (+449%), AI (+419%), LUV (+394%), SNOW (+385%)  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-26 13:19:59]
[Expected moves, Carvana, Goldman, Tesla, Netflix,;,; * CARVANA SOARS * GOLDMAN DOWN  * NETFLIX, TESLA AFTER THE CLOSE  Carvana is up an unreal 35%+ this morning after surprising the market with an early earnings report and a debt restructuring plan. This obviously caught the option market completely off guard. Options were only pricing about a 10% move for the rest of this week. But this move is even way beyond what options were pricing for Carvana's assumed reporting date, where they had the expected move at about 27%. Either way, it's difficult for options traders to properly price something moving like CVNA has been lately. It's been having regular 10% type gaps/moves and on past earnings, it's regularly moved 30%+. Options can only pump up so much to account for moves like that as traders and market makers are very wary of properly pricing them (compared to how the stock is moving) and then getting stuck with all that premium when the music stops. Here's how options were priced before the surprise:    &amp;#x200B;  Now attention turns to Netflix and Tesla who report after the close. Tesla options are pricing about a 6.5% move. Netflix options are pricing about a 7.6% move.  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) Expected Move: 6.48% * Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Expected Move: 7.41% * International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Expected Move: 3.26% * The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) Expected Move: 3.20% * U.S. Bancorp (USB) Expected Move: 3.90% * Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Expected Move: 4.30% * Halliburton Company (HAL) Expected Move: 3.68%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**     * At 07:00 AM (EST) MBA 30-Year Mortgage Rate (Jul/14) Impact: Medium * At 08:30 AM (EST) Building Permits MoM (Jun) Estimates: -2.3, Prior: 5.6 * At 08:30 AM (EST) Housing Starts MoM (Jun) Estimates: -10.2%, Prior: 15.7 * At 08:30 AM (EST) Housing Starts (Jun) Estimates: 1.48, Prior: 1.559 * At 08:30 AM (EST) Building Permits (Jun) Estimates: 1.49, Prior: 1.496  &amp;#x200B;  **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): NKLA (81), HOOD (80), SPOT (79), DASH (78) * Oversold (RSI): CGC (16), T (18) * High IV: NKLA (+216%), AMC (+191%), MANU (+161%), BYND (+155%) * Unusual Options Volume: CAT (+1162%), MSFT (+759%), MS (+759%), ALLY (+695%), SCHW (+672%), GS (+604%), NFLX (+500%), PACW (+495%)  &amp;#x200B;  **Chart of the Day:**   Comparing the breakeven on a Tesla at the money call vs at the money call spread, vs at the money credit put spread (based on yesterday's closing prices):  &amp;#x200B;    &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-07-19 13:38:36]
[Expected moves this week. CPI, and earnings kick off with JP Morgan, Wells, Citi and more.,;,; Stocks finished lower last week, with the SPY down about 1%, just slightly more than with options were pricing for the holiday-shortened week. The bigger story for options was that implied vol did begin to pick up a bit. The VIX finished the week at about 15.50. That's up from the multi-year lows in the VIX the last week fo June that saw the index below 13. SPY weekly vol also saw a pick-up with the weeklies now 11-12 vol, up from 9-10 we saw with vol at its lows. Coming out of the holiday things stay interesting with economic data while earnings make a return to the scene. On the economic data front, things are a bit quiet the first two days of the week with a few FOMC member speeches on the docket. On Wednesday things pick up with the CPI release, followed on Thursday by the PPI, giving us a good update on inflation. Then on Friday we get a check on the consumer with the UoM consumer sentiment number. Also on Thursday into Friday the story quickly shifts to earnings as a couple of big reports kick off the new season. On Thursday we hear from Pepsi and Delta Airlines, but that's just the warm-up to Friday morning with reports from JPMorgan, Citi, Wells Fargo, Blackrock and more. Earnings announcements will come in fast and furious over the next several weeks.  &amp;#x200B;  * Today's SPY expected move (0DTE): **0.4%** * Today's QQQ expected move (0DTE): **0.6%**  &amp;#x200B;  **Pre-Market Movers:**  * Mobilicom Limited ADR (MOB) +74.00% * Rivian Automotive Inc Cl A (RIVN) +3.44% * Nanobiotix S.A. ADR (NBTX) +46.91% * Alpine 4 Holdings Inc Cl A (ALPP) +25.00% * Apple Inc (AAPL) -0.26% * Alibaba Group Holding ADR (BABA) -0.06% * Amazon.com Inc (AMZN) +0.02% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) -0.69% * Alphabet Cl A (GOOGL) -0.49% * Chindata Group Holdings Ltd ADR (CD) +12.57%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Expected Move: 10.50% * WD-40 Company (WDFC) Expected Move: 6.90% * Saratoga Investment Corp. (SAR) Expected Move: 11.54% * Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 11:00 AM (EST) Fed Mester Speech Impact: Medium * At 11:00 AM (EST) Fed Daly Speech Impact: Medium  &amp;#x200B;  **Scanner Highlights:**  * Overbought (RSI): RIVN (85), LUV (83), HUT (80), SAVE (79), DAL (78), AAL (76), RIOT (75), MARA (74) * Oversold (RSI): AZN (29), PFE (31), AAP (34), GILD (35), NKE (35), FL (36), ETSY (37), DOCU (38) * High IV: VMW (+197%), BYND (+149%), SAVE (+144%), RIVN (+137%) * Unusual Options Volume: RIVN (+726%), SLB (+654%), RIOT (+636%), BABA (+539%), HAL (+530%), CVNA (+523%), PENN (+487%), DDOG (+478%)  Full lists here: [Options AI Free Tools](  &amp;#x200B;  **Chart of the Day:**  Wells Fargo options are pricing a 3.2% move for the week. They report Friday morning.  &amp;#x200B;   2023-07-10 12:59:59]
[Expected moves, JP Morgan Citi, Wells Fargo, and a look ahead to Tesla,;,; In what is the first important look at a sector of the market during the fresh earnings season, the big bank trio of JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, and Citi are all higher after reporting this morning. Blackrock is slightly lower. The other big name to report this morning, United Health is higher. As options traders, we're of course looking at more than direction. The magnitude of these moves is equally if not more important. As mentioned over the past week, we enter earnings season with some of the lowest IV we've seen in years, and expected moves for earnings the smallest we've seen in over a decade. JP Morgan options were pricing a 2.4% move, the stock is higher by 2.7% or so pre-market. Wells Fargo options were pricing about a 3% move, the stock is higher by about 3.1%. Citi options were pricing in about a 3% move and the stock is higher by about 1.6%. So options had the moves more or less correct on average, with JPM beating the expected move and Citi inside the move. As a rule of thumb about 70% of the time stocks should be at or inside the expected move on earnings. And of course, that stat is marked to the end of the day for stocks that report before the bell so the jury is still out on today. But it is something to keep a mental note of, whether we begin to see moves beyond the expected move or if options have it right, even at this low level of vol. As it could inform trade decisions, including holding positions into earnings as the vol collapse is quite different than it normally is.  Additionally, and especially as we start to hear from some tech stocks that have had a really good couple of months, are the moves to the upside the ones we see stocks beat, and are moves to the downside safer because there's an underlying bid in large parts of the market? Something to keep an eye on.  &amp;#x200B;  **Pre-Market Movers:**   * Nikola Corp (NKLA) +21.69% * Arb Iot Group Limited (ARBB) +50.00% * Painreform Ltd (PRFX) +40.87% * Bank of America Corp (BAC) +1.75% * Intuitive Machines Inc (LUNR) +16.98% * Theseus Pharmaceuticals Inc (THRX) -67.44% * Wells Fargo &amp; Company (WFC) +3.68% * Citigroup Inc (C) +1.13% * JP Morgan Chase &amp; Company (JPM) +2.92% * Microsoft Corp (MSFT) +1.62% * Jd.com Inc ADR (JD) -2.49%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. (JPM) Expected Move: 3.06% * UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Expected Move: 3.44% * Wells Fargo &amp; Company (WFC) Expected Move: 4.24% * BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Expected Move: 2.60% * Citigroup Inc. (C) Expected Move: 3.21%  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 08:30 AM (EST) Import Prices MoM (Jun) Estimates: -0.1, Prior: -0.4 * At 08:30 AM (EST) Export Prices MoM (Jun) Estimates: -0.2, Prior: -1.9 * At 01:00 PM (EST) Michigan Consumer Sentiment (Jul) Estimates: 65.5, Prior: 64.4  &amp;#x200B;  **Chart of the Day**  Tesla reports earnings next week. At the moment, options are pricing a 6.9% move.  &amp;#x200B;   2023-07-14 13:19:24]
[Expected moves: SPY QQQ, JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, Citi.,;,; **Today's Expected Moves:**  * SPY: 0.6% * QQQ: 0.7%  &amp;#x200B;  **Earnings Season**  Earnings season kicks off in earnest on Friday with banks such as JP Morgan, Citi and Wells Fargo. Let's look at JPM's set-up. Options are pricing about a 3.1% move. That's more than 3 of the past 4 earnings actual moves, but the stock did have a move of nearly 8% in April on earnings. That 3 for 4 of the stock staying within its expected move makes sense as stocks tend to move with or stay within their earnings expected move about 65-75% of the time. Studies have shown that the number is higher (where the expected move was more than the actual move) when IV is high, and the number is lower, when IV is low. This makes sense as the more move that is expected, the larger the range for a stock to stop in. As far as the visual expected move shown below, this is another useful way to use the expected move, and compare to recent or important levels of support or resistance. In other words, is there more to the expected move's level than just the expected move?  Are there also other technical factors at that level? For instance, JPM's upper expected move of 149.22 is roughly at the same level as the stock's most recent upper range level from Sept 18th. Its bearish expected move of 140.32 is near the stock's 200 day moving average.    Finally, another thing that can be helpful to look at prior to earnings is whether there is heavy open interest at nearby strikes in the stock. In JPM's case that open interest is mostly near the money on the 145 strike and on the upside is at 150. In other words, on a very small 145 could act as a small magnet, and on a move to the upside the open interest on the 150 line could act as resistance.  These are just several factors from the options market that can be helpful going into an earnings event and analyzing risk/reward, strategy, and strike selection on new or existing trades. It's good to have a checklist before selling the move or positioning directionally to get a gut level check of how far the stock could move.  **Trending/Active Today**  * Akero Therapeutics Inc (AKRO) -62.79% * Palantir Technologies Inc Cl A (PLTR) +2.56% * Rivian Automotive Inc Cl A (RIVN) +3.30% * Unity Software Inc (U) +6.16% * 89Bio Inc (ETNB) -33.81% * Pepsico Inc (PEP) +0.77% * Jd.com Inc ADR (JD) +1.88% * Meta Platforms Inc (META) +0.26% * Coherent Corp (COHR) +13.23%  &amp;#x200B;  **Today's Earnings Highlights:**  * PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Expected Move: 3.04%  &amp;#x200B;  **Economic Calendar:**  * At 06:00 PM (EST) Fed Daly Speech Impact: Medium * At 01:30 PM (EST) Fed Waller Speech Impact: Medium  &amp;#x200B;  **On the Scanner**  * **Overbought (RSI):** UNG (70), UNH (69), ZS (64), VRT (64), FL (63), META (63), TBT (63), BTU (63), GOOGL (61), UUP (61), NRG (60), MSFT (57) * **Oversold (RSI):** DG (22), MCD (22), KO (23), TGT (24), JETS (26), PG (26), LOW (27), LUV (29), KSS (30), CHWY (30), SCHW (30), DAL (30), CCL (30) * **High IV:** SRPT (+459%), PEP (+151%), PG (+147%), IBM (+147%), MCD (+142%), PFE (+142%), JBLU (+140%), LUV (+138%), JETS (+137%), AAL (+133%), UAL (+133%) * **Unusual Options Volume:** SHEL (+654%), PACW (+650%), VFC (+624%), PLTR (+536%), UAL (+511%), PEP (+441%), META (+405%), DAL (+391%), EWJ (+391%), KO (+359%), USO (+346%), OXY (+337%), QQQ (+291%), NFLX (+291%)  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  **The Rest of the Week**  **Economics Calendar***Wednesday*  * 830am **PPI** * 2pm **FOMC Minutes**  *Thursday*  * 830am **CPI** * 830am **Initial Jobless Claims**  *Friday*  * 1030am **UoM Consumer Sentiment**  **Earnings**  *Thursday*  * **INFY** Infosys Limited **4.7%** * **DAL** Delta Air Lines, Inc. **4.4%** * **WBA** Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. **6.9%** * **DPZ** Domino’s Pizza, Inc. **6.0%**  *Friday*  * **UNH** UnitedHealth Group Incorporated **2.8%** * **JPM** JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. **3.2%** * **WFC** Wells Fargo &amp; Company **4.2%** * **BLK** BlackRock, Inc. **3.4%** * **PGR** The Progressive Corporation **4.2%** * **C** Citigroup Inc. **4.0%** * **PNC** The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. **4.3%**  Full list here: [Options AI Earnings Calendar](  &amp;#x200B;,;,; 2023-10-10 12:58:06]
[Microsoft $MSFT at all time high!,;,; Microsoft $MSFT shares rose nearly 1.7% on Friday to $366.63, hitting an all-time for the tech giant.  Shares have climbed more than 11% over the past month, resulting in the Satya Nadella-led firm having a market cap of $2.7T. Investor sentiment has been buoyed by the company's recent quarterly results, which showed better-than-expected growth at its Azure cloud unit, as well as a drop in interest rates.  Earlier this week, Jefferies analyst Brent Thill said Microsoft $MSFT is in one of the best buy cycles seen in a long time, and the deployment of artificial intelligence can catapult its success even further.,;,; 2023-11-10 17:19:01]
[Microsoft stock pops after it announces $30 per month A.I. subscription for Microsoft 365,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-18 17:21:10]
[Microsoft hits $3 trillion market value,;,; ,;,; 2024-01-24 18:46:21]
[Hard to understand how Microsoft and Apple are up 20% and 30% YTD respectively.,;,; ,;,; 2023-04-10 20:14:40]
[Leaked email from Microsoft CEO says salaried staff will not get raises this year due to macroeconomic conditions,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-10 20:44:30]
[Microsoft Breaks U.S. Market-Cap Record, Surpassing Apple's Previous High,;,; Microsoft hits another market-value milestone, reaching a current market value of $3.114 trillion on a Friday afternoon, as reported by FactSet. This achievement positions Microsoft to exceed Apple’s record market cap of $3.09 trillion from last July. If Microsoft’s stock maintains its current trajectory, trading at an all-time high above $420, it will be the first U.S. company to close a session with a market cap surpassing $3.1 trillion.  (Via WSJ),;,; 2024-02-09 20:09:01]
[Surely Microsoft stock didn’t drop over 100 right? Why does this happen? Is it a glitch?,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-18 02:11:23]
[S&amp;P 500 hits 5,000 for first time; Microsoft topples Apple as world's largest company,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-11 10:30:19]
[Microsoft shares rise as Wall Street heralds ‘strong execution,’ wider AI rollout,;,; ,;,; 2023-10-25 13:38:00]
[intrinsic value Part 2 "Microsoft",;,; Since you have shown interest in this topic of Microsoft's intrinsic value, here is some more information,;,; 2023-09-16 17:53:29]
[Microsoft SASE Questions,;,; Hi all,  I'd like to understand the market behavior around a series of events.  Microsoft announced they're expanding into SASE, which immediately drops all the long-term big players in that market.   Meanwhile, nearly in concert with that announcement, MS products suffer multiple major breaches, leading to DHS investigation and involvement.      ...etc.  The drop in SASE competitors I can understand in a vacuum, as it would be expected they would suffer competitive Disruption from Microsoft simply because of ease of integration with the existing platform.  However after all the news around the breaches, some other vulnerability announcements, and now the DHS investigation spawned by the MS breaches, MSFT hasn't really fallen noticeably, and PANW, ZS, havent really turned back up (although PANW has an earnings call this week). Cisco dropped and recovered quickly, as did Fortinet (until the 4th of August anyway).  Why is MSFT pricing untroubled by their breaches and associated scrutiny? Something like that on any of their competitors in the cyber space would nose-dive the stock. Alternatively, I'm unclear why MSFT in the SASE offering offers such threat to their competitors for Disruption given MSFTs trends on vulnerability patching and security issues.  I can only presume this is the cyber version of "too big to fail," because they have such a massive portfolio and footprint that even with the bad press theyre just able to shrug it off and still be disruptive, even to longer-term successful players in that space?  Thanks,;,; 2023-08-16 08:10:02]
[Google Invests $27 Million in AI Training Following Microsoft's Commitment,;,; Google unveiled plans to allocate $26.9 million for AI training in Europe, emphasizing skills development in artificial intelligence.  This initiative aims to support individuals across the continent, addressing the workforce challenges posed by rapidly advancing technologies. The AI Opportunity Initiative for Europe, as Google terms it, prioritizes assisting "vulnerable and underserved communities," with $10.8 million specifically designated to prevent the marginalization of workers amid the AI revolution.  Google has partnered with the Centre for Public Impact, a foundation backed by Boston Consulting Group, to identify social enterprises and nonprofits capable of effectively reaching those who stand to gain the most from this training.,;,; 2024-02-13 10:46:49]
[Microsoft's Cybersecurity Superpower: Generative AI! Microsoft security executive calls generative AI a ‘super power’ for the field. What are your thoughts on the role of generative AI in tackling the cybersecurity talent shortage?,;,; Microsoft's Cybersecurity Superpower: Generative AI! In a recent chat with Jim Cramer, Vasu Jakkal spilled the beans on how AI is shaping their defense strategy. Jakkal breaks down two key cybersecurity threats: geopolitics-driven espionage and financial cybercrime. Microsoft's strategy? Using data to train AI models and stay one step ahead! She warns of "unprecedented threat landscape," with cybercriminals getting more advanced. Microsoft faces a whopping 4,000 password attacks per second. Are we witnessing a game-changer in the cybersecurity landscape or just another piece of the tech puzzle?  [ 2023-11-28 02:14:44]
[CNBC's Jim Cramer is doubling down on his love for the "Magnificent Seven" mega-cap stocks – Apple, Amazon, Alphabet, Nvidia, Meta, Microsoft, and Tesla.,;,; Jim Cramer's doubling down on his love for the "Magnificent Seven" mega-cap stocks – Apple, Amazon, Alphabet, NVIDIA, Meta, Microsoft, and Tesla. But here's the kicker – he's acknowledging that not everyone can easily snag a piece of the pie because, well, they're not exactly budget-friendly shares.   Cramer's wishing for stock splits to make these big players more accessible to the everyday investor, aka the "home gamer." He's also got a bone to pick with the bearish analysts and media raining on the parade.   Cramer's tackling concerns about Amazon Web Services slowing down, but he's not losing sleep over it. Amazon just dropped a collab bomb with NVIDIA, diving into software and generative artificial intelligence.   What are your thoughts on this? Do you agree with Cramer's call for more positivity in the media, or do you think the bears have a point?   [ 2023-11-29 02:53:06]
[U.S. stocks hit a record high, with the S&amp;P 500 surpassing a record 5,000 points, led by strong showings from tech giants Nvidia, Microsoft, and Amazon.,;,; The S&amp;P 500 continues its record-breaking streak, surging beyond the 5,000 point milestone. According to Yahoo Finance, stocks are predominantly in the green this Friday afternoon, and robust earnings have been a key driver behind the historic crossing of the 5,000 threshold by the S&amp;P 500.  Notably, major contributions to the market's upward momentum are attributed to Big Tech stocks, which have been pivotal for over a year. Fueled, in part, by the fervor surrounding artificial intelligence technology, notable players like Nvidia, Microsoft, and Amazon emerged as formidable forces, each registering gains of at least 1% and significantly impacting the S&amp;P 500's ascent.  (Via WSJ),;,; 2024-02-09 17:33:47]
[At what price per share is Microsoft ($MSFT) buying Activision ($ATVI)?,;,; I've been looking at $ATVI as a possible arbitrage opportunity (betting that the acquisition goes through), however, I'm unclear on what the exact details are of the acquisition.   At first, it was reported that the purchase price was agreed at $68.7 Billion which was $95 per share but last time I checked, ATVI shares traded at about $92, with a market cap of over $72 Billion.   It wouldn't make sense for shares to trade above the acquisition price, so am I correct in assuming that it's the $95 per share price that will be honoured rather than the $68.7 Billion price?  Would appreciate it if someone could explain how the deal works. Thanks very much.,;,; 2023-07-23 14:13:06]
[Microsoft Activision deal,;,; What are some of your thoughts on this deal Microsoft is trying to close?  If the deal goes through Microsoft will buys out Activision shareholders for $95/per share.  Activision shares currently go for around $76.   That’s roughly give or take a 20% gain on your investment.   I hear the Microsoft Activision deal should be settled by summer 2023. I feel like this may be a good opportunity to load up on Activision shares however, I am relatively new to the stock market so some of your views on this topic would be greatly appreciated.    I’m assuming however, the downside of this opportunity may be that the deal does not execute and you are stuck holding on to crappy Activision shares which may potentially drop in value according to some analysis I came across on google.,;,; 2023-02-28 06:36:57]
[EU approves Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard, clearing huge hurdle,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-15 17:15:40]
[[OC] Microsoft Bing: A forgotten $10B+ business,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-21 21:19:38]
[Microsoft Up 8.2% Premarket On Strong Earnings, Will Continue AI Push,;,; ,;,; 2023-04-26 12:19:36]
[Microsoft x Activision Antitrust Update 🚨,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-03 17:20:02]
[Microsoft ($MSFT), Meta ($META), and Google ($GOOGL) lead earnings waves.,;,;  The stock market rally had another sideways week, with the Dow Jones, S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq composite all drifting lower in continued tight action. Investors await a flood of earnings headlined by **Microsoft** ($**MSFT**), **Amazon.com** ($**AMZN**), **Meta Platforms** ($**META**) and Google parent **Alphabet** ($**GOOGL**).      Buying opportunities haven't been plentiful, and many have fizzled or failed. Earnings season will hit full force in the coming week, offering the potential for the market rally to break out of its rut.  Microsoft, Amazon, Meta and Google are especially important. Microsoft and, arguably, Amazon stock are actionable now. Google stock is close to a buy point while Facebook parent Meta is pulling back after a massive run.  By themselves, they have a big impact on the major indexes. And their comments about future growth in key markets such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, e-commerce and PCs will have a major influence on the tech sector and beyond.     Meanwhile, **First Solar** ($**FSLR**), **Dexcom** ($**DXCM**), **Mobileye** ($**MBLY**), **Boeing** ($**BA**), **ServiceNow** ($**NOW**), **Cloudflare** ($**NET**), **Align Technology** ($**ALGN**), **Fair Issac** ($**FICO**), **Visa** ($**V**) and **Chipotle Mexican Grill** ($**CMG**) are just some of the notable companies reporting this coming week with stocks in or near buy zones.  MBLY stock in particular has an action-packed week, with its IPO lockup expiration on Monday followed by earnings on Wednesday.  **Bed Bath &amp; Beyond** ($**BBBY**) filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Sunday, with the long-ailing housewares retailer struggling with debts and declining sales. BBBY stock has been plunging for a long time, but the meme stock did jump 23% last week despite the prospect of bankruptcy.  Meanwhile, keep an eye out for news on **Shockwave Medical** ($**SWAV**). SWAV stock spiked Friday on a report that **Boston Scientific** ($**BSX**) is mulling a **Shockwave takeover bid**. But the companies haven't said anything.  The video embedded in this article reviewed **Arista Networks** ($**ANET**), **TJX Cos.** ($**TJX**) and **JPMorgan Chase** ($**JPM**).  Microsoft stock is on **IBD Long-Term Leaders**.     ## Dow Jones Futures Today  Dow Jones futures fell 0.2% vs. fair value. S&amp;P 500 futures declined 0.2% and Nasdaq 100 futures slipped 0.2%.  The 10-year Treasury yield dropped 3 basis points to 3.54%.  Remember that overnight action in **Dow futures** and elsewhere doesn't necessarily translate into actual trading in the next regular **stock market** session.     ## Stock Market Rally  The stock market rally didn't have a lot of direction this past week.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average dipped 0.2% in last week's **stock market trading**. The S&amp;P 500 index edged down 0.1%. The Nasdaq composite fell 0.4%. The small-cap Russell 2000 rose 0.6%.  The 10-year Treasury yield rose 5 basis points to 3.57%.  U.S. crude oil futures tumbled 5.5% to $77.87 a barrel last week.  ## ETFs  Among growth ETFs, the Innovator IBD 50 ETF ($**FFTY**) climbed 2.7% last week, while the Innovator IBD Breakout Opportunities ETF ($**BOUT**) dipped 0.4%. The iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF ($**IGV**) nudged down 0.1%, with MSFT stock a major holding. The VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF ($**SMH**) slid 1.5%.  Reflecting more-speculative story stocks, ARK Innovation ETF ($**ARKK**) fell 3% last week and ARK Genomics ETF ($**ARKG**) climbed 1%.  SPDR S&amp;P Metals &amp; Mining ETF ($**XME**) tumbled 4.2% last week. The Global X U.S. Infrastructure Development ETF ($**PAVE**) rose 0.55%. U.S. Global Jets ETF ($**JETS**) ascended 1.8%. SPDR S&amp;P Homebuilders ETF ($**XHB**) rallied 3.4%. The Energy Select SPDR ETF ($**XLE**) slumped 2.6% and The Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund ($**XLV**) dipped 0.2% after five weekly gains.  The Financial Select SPDR ETF ($**XLF**) climbed 1%, with JPM stock a major holding. The SPDR S&amp;P Regional Banking ETF ($**KRE**) advanced 1.5%, but has a long way to go to recover.  [ 2023-04-24 10:49:07]
[Stock Market News: Tesla shares slide, Microsoft-Activision deal, Powell remarks,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-22 13:54:33]
[YTD Performance of the S&amp;P 500 &amp; NASDAQ vs. the Magnificent 7 (Apple $AAPL, Microsoft $MSFT, Google $GOOGL, Amazon $AMZN, Nvidia $NVDA, Tesla $TSLA, and Facebook $META):,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-28 19:46:27]
[EU decision clearing $69 bln Microsoft, Activision deal expected May 15, sources say,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-10 14:23:15]
[Amazon is investing $100 million in generative A.I. center in race to keep up with Microsoft and Google,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-22 19:59:17]
[Apple and Microsoft will add $1 trillion in value in 2023, raising concerns over S&amp;P 500 dominance,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-24 05:05:42]
[Google and Microsoft AI impress investors JP Morgan reiterates buy rating for amazon. Tesla faces antitrust lawsuits,;,; * Alphabet's stock price has gone up by over 4% following its latest foray into the rapidly expanding field of artificial intelligence. The company recently announced a partnership with AI start-up Midjourney and unveiled some new AI capabilities for its productivity apps, including generative AI features for Gmail and Google Docs. * Microsoft has announced Microsoft 365 Copilot, an AI technology based on GPT-4 and integrated into popular productivity apps like Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. With this move, Microsoft is introducing the world's first AI copilot natively built-in to both CRM and ERP applications. * JP Morgan has reiterated a buy rating for Amazon's stock, despite recent concerns about inflation and recession. Analyst Doug Anmuth thinks Amazon's stock could go up by around 30%, and recommends buying now while it's at a good price. * But it's not all good news for tech companies - Tesla is facing antitrust lawsuits over allegations that it unlawfully limits competition for maintenance and replacement parts for its electric cars. The lawsuits could potentially cost the company hundreds of millions of dollars.  here is the podcast if you prefer listening: [ 2023-03-17 05:09:56]
[The stock market boom fueled by artificial intelligence has increased the wealth of the world's richest man by more than $150 billion. Gates himself has increased his wealth by $24 billion this year thanks to his holdings in Microsoft stock!,;,; Artificial intelligence has been one of the decisive themes in the stock market in 2023, and it has also helped the rich become richer. People's interest in intelligent language tool ChatGPT has quickly spread throughout the market, with prominent investors rushing to buy stocks of companies they believe can drive the rise of artificial intelligence.  Bill Gates has stated that AI could bring about a radical reshuffling in the tech industry, potentially threatening Google's market dominance, while Microsoft is making swift moves in the AI field. He expects that eventually, tech giants will integrate into applications similar to personal assistants, communicating with people and providing recommendations, replacing applications like Amazon, Siri, or Outlook. However, he points out that more work needs to be done to make AI tools like ChatGPT more accurate and objective.  In his past investments, Bill Gates has tended to invest in stable industries such as technology, healthcare, and energy. He has a deep insight into emerging technologies and future trends and invests in these areas. He emphasizes the importance of holding stocks for the long term and leans towards companies that have long-term growth potential. He believes that excellent companies can consistently create value over the long term.      How do you perceive stocks related to artificial intelligence? ,;,; 2023-07-17 07:42:21]
[Why does Robinhood suck?,;,; I seem to be getting dogged on for using Robinhood but what is so bad about it ? I’m using it for more long term investing (apple, Microsoft, google, etc) is there really a risk they take my money like everyone is saying ?,;,; 2023-10-05 09:53:44]
[The Verge - Sam Altman fired as CEO of OpenAI,;,;  [  * Sam Altman has been fired as CEO of OpenAI, the company announced on Friday. * Former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman is leaving after a ‘deliberative review process’ by the company’s board. * Altman has largely been the face of OpenAI  “Mr. Altman’s departure follows a deliberative review process by the board, which concluded that he was not consistently candid in his communications with the board, hindering its ability to exercise its responsibilities,” the company said in its blog post. “The board no longer has confidence in his ability to continue leading OpenAI.”  **Statement from Microsoft:**  Microsoft, which has invested billions in OpenAI, tells The Verge it will continue to partner with the company. “We have a long-term partnership with OpenAI and Microsoft remains committed to Mira and their team as we bring this next era of AI to our customers,” according to a statement sent by Microsoft spokesperson Frank Shaw.   What are your thoughts and what's coming next for OpenAI? ,;,; 2023-11-17 22:16:43]
[Ok Honestley how did i do,;,; I mostly make money on covered calls between Microsoft and Apple and just buying the dip. If you have any tips on how to better the portfolio let me know,;,; 2023-12-26 04:20:18]
[Oracle Debt Ratio 8054%,;,; Is that ok as other companies from Nasdaq hace total diffent values (where most of them are already overdebt).  Microsoft &gt;  26% Google &gt; 9.9%  Tesla 7% Spotify 82% Netflix 71% Apple &gt; 162% Nvidia &gt; 34% Oracle &gt; 8054%,;,; 2023-09-12 19:22:31]
[Why is Intel stocks rising?,;,; I am new to stock trading therefore I think I don’t have enough basics. So, Intel’s stock price is low compared to other tech companies like NVDA, microsoft, etc. why is it so?  Furthermore it is rising for some period of time. So, I am wondering why is it rising right now and does it show any sustainability. Since it has hit highest of around 69 dollars in 5yrs. Is there any reasoning that it might go above and beyond that value considering comparatively low stock prices?  It seems like basic knowledge but I dont know whom to ask. I just  want to know how to assess these kind of questions.,;,; 2023-12-26 17:03:09]
[just want to know if im on the right path,;,; started in april 2023, dollar cost averaged my way to that amount. didnt want to invest in an ETF straight way, took a risk and bought fractions of 8 big companies, apple, tesla, nvidia, netflix, google, amazon, meta, and microsoft.  how is it looking for the long run?,;,; 2023-09-13 11:05:21]
[Nintendo Analysis_2,;,; &amp;#x200B;    **Growth**   Nintendo 3 years average growth is 7%, and EPS growth is 20%. The revenue growth is lower compared with its peers, like Play Station and Xbox. The EPS growth is good, but not outstanding, lower than game developers Capcom, Koei Tecmo, and Square Enix. Koei Tecmo and Capcom have delivered impressive growth in the last three years. Play Station and Take-Two achieved high revenue growth but did not drive their profit increase.   From the growth data comparison, I think Nintendo needs new drivers for the next generation. It plans to increase capital investment in IP expansion and initiate more people access to its dedicated game platform, but I think it not be the main driver in the next competition.  &amp;#x200B;       **Profit**   Nintendo has good profit margins with a gross margin of 55% and an operating margin of 32%. This is higher than most competitors. Koei Tecmo and Capcom are more attractive, but they don't have a platform. Compared with Sony Play Station and Sega, Nintendo's performance is better. I can't find the margin data of the Gaming business from Microsoft's financial report, so I use the personal segment data, maybe this is not exact.   Although Nintendo has a decline in cash turnover compared with its history, Nintendo did much better than its competitors. Considering its good margins, I think Nintendo has strong profitability and return.  &amp;#x200B;       **Returns**   Nintendo has an outstanding investment return of 46% and an equity return of 21% compared with its competitors, especially in investment return. I think this benefited from a great composite of solid margins and a high cash turnover rate.   Again, I use the company's whole business ROE of Microsoft as I can't get the gaming sector number to calculate it. Considering Microsoft's main business is office software and cloud, this ROE number may not be comparable. ROIC is re-calculated by gaming sector data, and so is Sony Gaming &amp; Network business, Nintendo is performing much better in ROIC than Microsoft Xbox and Sony Play Station.  &amp;#x200B;       **Capital Structure**   All game companies here have low financial leverage with a leverage ratio below 0.5 except Sony. Nintendo has no debt on the balance sheet and strong solvency ability.   Every company's Debt to EBITDA is below 4, which means their financial is health and has no insolvency risk.  &amp;#x200B;       **Valuation &amp; Dividend**   Nintendo has a better valuation compared with its main competitors, after the recent soaring of price, Nintendo's current EV/EBIT is 13.68x, it's a little higher than the median line of 13x. I think Nintendo's valuation is not expensive considering its current solid financial performance in the first half of FY2023 and the potential to open another growth cycle through new console releases.   As a potential new Switch release this year, we can see some clues from its data in history. Nintendo's EV/EBIT was 15.03x and 30.8x in 2006 and 2016, which is the year the new console was released. Of course, I assume Nintendo's next Switch will perform like Wii and Switch, not Wii U. After the new console is released, Nintendo's market cap increased by 2.5x and 1x in the following 2 years, its EV/EBIT is stable and declined little compared with the released year, which means Nintendo delivers rich profit returns after the new console is released. Back today, Nintendo's valuation multiple is lower than in history, but its market role is still strong, and financial performance is solid, this is not a very high risk to bet its good returns on the eve of a new Switch release.   Nintendo has a good dividend payout ratio of around 50% compared with peers, which will define Nintendo as a value stock. I think Nintendo is not very attractive for buy-and-hold investors as it has highly volatile growth and market value, but it's a special opportunity you should consider when it prepares to add fuel to its tank, and you already know it's not too expensive, and has a stable dividend payout.  &amp;#x200B;       **Big Three Comparison**   As a game company with hardware and software, Nintendo's main competitors are Sony's Play Station and Microsoft's Xbox. To compare more clearly, I searched some data focusing on the three companies and their gaming business operating results, this can help me get a clear picture to understand the market position of the three companies. As Microsoft's gaming business data is not disclosed too much, the comparison focuses on Sony and Nintendo. All data used from the last quarterly financial report.   From growth data, Play Station has the highest revenue growth but the lowest profit growth, while Nintendo has the highest profit growth and moderates revenue growth. Microsoft has the lowest revenue growth and higher profit growth. I think all three companies perform well, but I prefer Nintendo because it balances well in revenue and profit growth, you can see more growth in revenue can drive higher profit growth. Xbox X &amp; S has bad sales compared with Switch and PS5. Microsoft may release its new console this year and maybe increase some market shares, especially after it acquired Activision Blizzard. But I don't believe this can change the market structure. Maybe Microsoft has another idea to get money from gaming competition, providing cloud technologies and promoting cloud gaming development. You know, Nintendo online playing uses cloud services from Azure.   Play station's revenue was boosted by PS5 sales. Sony finally prepared enough stock to sell in the shop, you can find PS5 in every gaming shop and Costco. Sony's G &amp; N business doing well this year, but its margin is too low compared with the other two. Sony has tonnes of popular IPs and first-party studios, I think it can do better in the gaming market and up its margin.  &amp;#x200B;       Moving to hardware and software sales data, Sony has the highest volume sold in console and software which is driven by PS5. Nintendo achieved surprising console sold and solid software titles sold, but I think Switch volume growth will not persist, and Nintendo needs to prepare something to compete with PS5 and the new Xbox. Microsoft's Xbox X &amp; S has walked to the end of its life as the lowest console sold compared with others. I hope to see its new Xbox this year.   For Player and platform member data, Xbox has more active users but I think this is surpassed by Play Station as Sony has said its active users achieved 123m in its CES two days later. Sony currently has bigger subscribers compared with Nintendo Online and Microsoft GPX. Nintendo has 38m subscribers, which is in the middle.   The cumulative console sold data tells me Nintendo is the biggest one in the market, but considering the Switch is a very old console, I decided to add PS4 and Xbox ONE back, after adding, Sony is the biggest one with a total of 157m units sold, and Nintendo is 132m sold, Xbox is still the lowest units sold of 77.6m. The video game market is still dominated by Sony and Nintendo.     **Conclusion**   Nintendo is doing well compared with its competitors with high-quality growth, strong margins, turnover and investment return, lower insolvency risk, and fair valuation. But Nintendo's growth is already showing signs of weakness, and I think the recent growth in Switch is driven by Legend of Zelda Tears of Kingdom. This trend will not persist in the next year without new console or titles, especially at the time the PS5 Slim has been released and the new Xbox coming. Sony and Nintendo have dominated the video gaming world, and from market shares, Sony is even better than Nintendo. But Sony Play Station's low profitability is putting it in the shadow of Nintendo.   Nintendo is doing well compared with its competitors with high-quality growth, strong margins, turnover and investment return, lower insolvency risk, and fair valuation. But Nintendo's growth is already showing signs of weakness, and I think the recent growth in Switch is driven by Legend of Zelda Tears of Kingdom. This trend will not persist in the next year without new console or titles, especially at the time the PS5 Slim has been released and the new Xbox coming. Sony and Nintendo have dominated the video gaming world, and from market shares, Sony is even better than Nintendo. But Sony Play Station's low profitability is putting it in the shadow of Nintendo.,;,; 2024-01-11 03:21:30]
[Help me understand,;,; Trading on public.com. Half of portfolio is I'm nvidia/Microsoft. Just started investment plan for magnificent 7 and high dividend. What do the screenshots mean? Thanks!,;,; 2023-12-30 10:47:13]
[Where do you go for news, tips etc?,;,; Hello, I’m new to the stock, I just open an account with eToro and another with Robinhood ( I known what everyone thinks of them).  I want to read more on stocks and learn, so I know where I’m putting my money. I’m looking at long term by the way. Every time I start reading an article I get cut off and asked to subscribe, If I do i I want something serious and honest, not sure if those are the right words, but I don’t want to be bombarded with nonsense like “dodge is back buy before is gone” crap  So far I own a few shares of Nvidia, that’s what got me into it  also Microsoft evolv tech, Cisco and ADVM.  Thanks! Oh and any suggestions on what to invest in, if is not breaking the rules would be greatly appreciated.,;,; 2024-02-08 16:26:57]
[New to the stock market, help me out,;,; Hey guys, so i just turned 18 and i want to invest some of my saved money in stocks. Right now i have no idea though what app i should use. I’m living in Belgium and i’ve heard about apps like Robinhood, DeGiro, Bux and Trading 212. What app is the best and safest option? Also what if any of these apps just shut down, is all my money gone then? I also don’t really know what to invest in but I was thinking to maybe invest in VOO and SPY. Or should I maybe also invest in companies like Apple, Amazon, Microsoft and Nvidia. I’m also not really planning to withdraw money often from my account just start with €1000 and put in €50 every month and just let it grow. In case any of you have any more tips for me please leave them in the comments, I would greatly appreciate it.,;,; 2024-01-14 19:02:39]
[S&amp;P 20 years ago versus today. Via @alerts on IG,;,; **2004:**  1. Walmart   2. ExxonMobil   3. Chevron   4. Citi   5. IBM   6. General Electric   7. GM   8. Ford  **2024:**   1. Microsoft (7.84%)   2. Apple (6.83%)   3. Nvidia (3.8%)   4. Alphabet (3.72%)   5. Amazon (3.5%)   6. Meta (2.1%)   7. Berkshire Hathaway (1.71%)   8. Broadcom (1.28%)  Interesting to see the discrepancies and differences in the top eight from 2004 compared to the top eight from 2024. Not exactly surprising to see these giants at the top of the list.  The year is 2044... does the top eight look relatively similar to what it looks like now? Feels hard to argue otherwise. Then again they probably said similar things in 2004. It just seems like GAFAM will continue to purchase any successful companies of smaller size. Rarely do we see standalone companies anymore (at least big ones).    ,;,; 2024-02-05 17:33:14]
[Nvidia, AMD stocks fall on report of new AI chip bans from Biden administration,;,; Shares of Nvidia Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. slumped in the extended session Tuesday following a report that the Biden administration is considering a new ban on sales of AI chips to China.  Nvidia shares NVDA,A fell 3% after hours, following a 3.1% gain to close at $418.76, while AMD shares AMD, also fell 3%, after a 2.7% gain in the regular session to close at $110.39.  Late Tuesday, the Wall Street Journal reported the Commerce Department could further block sales of AI chips to China unless U.S. companies first obtain a special license.  The ban would follow upon similar actions last year that threatened $400 million in Nvidia sales, but the company found a workaround in supplying a version of products that avoided the ban.  Both Nvidia and AMD have launched new AI chips this year: Nvidia in March and AMD earlier in the month. Last year’s release of Open AI’s ChatGPT generative AI — with billions of dollars invested by Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.82% — resulted in an explosion of interest in artificial-intelligence technology, prompting luminaries to herald the technology as the biggest thing in tech since … you name it.,;,; 2023-06-27 23:50:53]
[Why am I bullish on SFY instead of SPY?,;,; A comparison analysis between the holdings of the SPDR S&amp;P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) and the SoFi Select 500 ETF (SFY), I have compiled information from the most recent available data. Below is a table showing the top 10 holdings for each ETF along with their percentage weight in the respective ETFs. This gives an overview of how the ETFs allocate their assets among their top holdings:    Data Sources:  * SPY Holdings: [Stock Analysis]( [Schwab]( [Yahoo Finance]( $485.47 (as of 03:56 PM EST)​ * SFY Holdings: [Stock Analysis]( [Zacks.com]( [Yahoo Finance]( $17.15 (as of 04:00 PM EST)  **Key Observations:**  * Overlap in Holdings: Both ETFs share several common holdings, including major companies like Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and NVIDIA. * Differences in Allocation: The percentage allocation to these common holdings differs between the two ETFs. For example, SPY has a higher allocation to Microsoft and Apple than SFY. * Sector Exposure: While this table focuses on the top holdings, the ETFs may have different exposures to various sectors. For instance, SPY is known for its significant technology sector weighting.  It's important to note that the full list of holdings for both ETFs includes many more companies, and these top 10 holdings represent only a part of the entire portfolio. When comparing ETFs, investors should consider the full portfolio, investment strategy, and other factors like expense ratio, performance history, and sector allocation.  I can provide a general analysis that could support why I'm bullish on the SoFi Select 500 ETF (SFY) compared to the SPDR S&amp;P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) and It's important to remember that this is not personalized financial advice, but an interpretation of potential factors:  1. **Expense Ratio**: SFY is known for its low or zero expense ratio, which can be attractive for cost-conscious investors. Lower fees mean more of your investment goes to work in the market. 2. **Stock Selection Methodology**: SFY uses a slightly different approach in stock selection within the S&amp;P 500 universe, potentially focusing on stocks with specific characteristics that might be appealing depending on your investment philosophy. 3. **Performance Trends**: If recent performance trends of SFY align better with your investment goals than SPY, this could be a reason for a bullish stance. However, past performance is not indicative of future results. 4. **Portfolio Diversification**: Depending on the current composition of your portfolio, SFY might offer better diversification in line with your investment strategy. 5. **Market Positioning**: SFY's unique weighting methodology could position it well to capitalize on certain market trends or sectors you believe will outperform. 6. **Innovative Approach of SoFi**: Being a newer and more technology-oriented financial company, SoFi's approach to ETFs might align with a more forward-thinking investment strategy.  It is crucial to conduct thorough research and consider your own investment goals and risk tolerance. Additionally, consulting with a financial advisor for personalized advice is always recommended.  **What are your thoughts?**,;,; 2024-01-24 21:46:21]
[Which stocks should we omit?,;,; My pops and I started investing beginning of the year. 100k on VTSAX and 100k on VOO.    We have 100k more to throw in but we wanted to take a chance on individual stocks. This is the list we came up with, it looks generic but they seem to be good performers (except the last one). We don’t really want to take a chance with penny stocks (everyone in that sub says something different) if you could only pick 10 (or omit 3) which would you pick?   Apple Amazon Tesla Rocket lab USA  C3.ai  Salesforce  Occidental petroleum Berkshire Hathaway McDonald’s Microsoft Google Nasdaq- Nvidia Soligenix,;,; 2023-08-16 05:18:31]
[Dr. Techy| What if Elon Musk invested OpenAI instead of Twitter?,;,; Elon Musk, one of the richest men in the world, has seen two companies he’s played a big role in—Twitter and OpenAI—head in two very different directions.  &amp;#x200B;    Just one month before Microsoft-backed OpenAI’s ChatGPT revived popularity of artificial intelligence across the globe, Tesla’s CEO Elon Musk took the social media platform Twitter private with **$44 billion** in late October. The largest social network suffered a steep drop in value ever since.   Twitter, to which Musk has been giving his all, is not wriggling out troubles. Musk even said that Twitter might go bankrupt. Although the remark was changed later, Twitter still involved too much energy from Musk. Musk now values Twitter at about **$20 billion**, halved compared with his buyout price, according to an internal email.  As for OpenAI—maker of AI-powered chatbot ChatGPT—Musk cofounded it and helped get it started in 2015 with a donation of about **$100 million**. After being rebuffed to take over the AI startup, Musk and his money walked away in 2018 and focused on electric vehicle business. And OpenAI soon succumbed to Microsoft’s **$1 billion** embrace to cover operation costs.  This year, Microsoft upsized investment to **$10 billion** (now **$13 billion** in total) into the San Fancisco-based AI research company and pounced on the chance to integrate the AI tools into its products, like search engine Bing and Office suites. The new Bing Chat feature has put Microsoft’s search engine in the spotlight recently and hits over **100 million active users** in bid to grab share from its rival Google. And Google is feeling the pressure and stepping up AI development.  Elon Musk calls Bill Gates' understanding of AI 'limited', but he has to admit Microsoft founder excels at investing.  &amp;#x200B;    **Musk out, Gates in.**  Musk left OpenAI in 2018, presumably because Tesla’s own A.I. work created a conflict—though according to a Semafor report, it was actually because Musk offered to run OpenAI and was rejected by CEO Sam Altman and other founders.  Whatever Musk’s reasons were, OpenAI quickly underwent significant changes. In 2019, it transitioned from a nonprofit to a “capped-profit” model and received the first of several large investments from Microsoft, which helped it with the vast computing resources required for AI tools like ChatGPT.  The Microsoft-backed AI pioneer’s valuation has skyrocketed. According to the Wall Street Journal, the company was in talks earlier this year to sell existing shares in a tender offer valued at about **$29 billion**, up from about **$14 billion** in 2021.  Along with divergence, OpenAI cofounders Sam Altman and Elon Musk have been increasingly sniping at one other. OpenAI is leading a **$23.5 million** investment in 1X, a startup that creates human-like robots. And OpenAI's foray into robotics could put it in direct competition with Musk's Tesla, which has been promising to launch a bipedal, humanoid robot called the Tesla Bot or Optimus since mid-2021.  &amp;#x200B;    In response, Musk joined over 1,000 researchers and supporters in calling for an immediate pause on the creation of “giant” AIs for at least 6 months. His signature in the joint letter indicates that Tesla is lagging in the AI race and is attempting to catch up.  Initially, Musk had a different opinion about OpenAI's chatbot. Musk called ChatGPT "scary good" in a December tweet, adding that "we are not far from powerful and dangerous artificial intelligence."  Elon Musk intended to establish a new research lab to create a competitor to OpenAI's popular text-based chatbot. The lab's focus would be on AI research, with no immediate plans to develop specific products. Though it is never too late to start a business, Open AI has a head start. The Tesla and Twitter CEO has to face a massive technological "gap," which he will not be able to catch up with harsh words alone.  So, what will happen if Elon Musk didn’t pour money into Twitter deal but invested OpenAI? Dr. Techy believes, Mr. Musk will not lose his $20-plus billion in the social media platform valuation for nothing.  On 1994, Yahoo released searching engine. On 2007-2008, Apple released first iPhone and App Store. On 2023, [ChatGPT released plugin]( Third party service provider now can participate in the most powerful AI program,;,; 2023-03-30 12:31:54]
[ATH | Leverage | Index Funds and more,;,; I got a few questions as a newbie  &amp;#x200B;  1. Some of the companies I want to invest long-term are either at their ATH or close to ATH, like Microsoft  or Nvidia. I'm wondering whether I should wait for it to drop, because most of the stock market is green this year, so I have a feeling it may drop since it grew so much, what do you think? Some of it just recovered from 2022 to it's pre-2022 state, but Nvidia has 205% growth this year, which is crazy 2. Index funds - the legendary S&amp;P 500. Everyone says it's the most stable etc - but I've found other indexes with even better growth. SP500 usually have the 7-10% yearly return and last 5 years went up 56%, but for example the INDEX Vanguard Growth ETF went up 87% for the last 5 years - and it was also a steady growth, not a lucky spike during one period. What do you think, is it really smart to go with SP500 or are there other ones that are much better, even tho SP500 is so hyped by everyone? and if you agree - what other indexes with better return would you recommend? 3. Leverage - I'm not familiar with how much can you leverage in stocks, but for people that invest in the top 10, which most likely will go up in the future, wouldn't be smarter to invest it with i.e 5x leverage, since the companies like Microsoft are stable, and eventually will grow?  4. Stock Math  - let's say I invest $10.000 in a stock and it declines -50%. I know have $5.000. If it goes up by 50%, do I get $7.500 or do I get my $10.000 back? Logically the first answer, but something doesn't give me a peace of mind here, so I prefer to ask 5. Eli Lilly - what do you think about this stock? Growed massive amount lately, and pharmaceutical industry will definitely be there in 5 or 10 years.,;,; 2023-11-06 14:10:12]
[Will C3 AI bounce back ?,;,; so  I know, C3 AI has partnered with Microsoft to integrate their AI technology with Microsoft's cloud platform, Azure. This partnership allows C3 AI to leverage Azure's NLP capabilities, such as Azure Cognitive Services, to enhance their AI offerings. Azure Cognitive Services includes various NLP services, including language understanding, sentiment analysis, and text analytics, which can be used to power chatbots and other conversational AI solutions.  C3 AI has also partnered with another company called Baker Hughes, which offers an AI-powered chatbot solution for the oil and gas industry. The chatbot, called BHC3 AI Suite Chat, uses NLP and other AI techniques to help oil and gas companies manage their operations more efficiently.,;,; 2023-04-07 16:18:05]
[Anyone knows about this fund i bought it from Wise. Appreciate your comments.,;,;  I bought like 250$ iShares World Equity Index Fund (LU) It includes Apple Inc, Microsoft Corp, Amazon Com Inc, Nvidia Corp, Meta Platforms Inc Class A, Tesla Inc, Alphabet Inc Class A, United Health Group Inc and more but Apple has the biggest share in the fund. Fund manager is BlackRock and risk score is 6 out of 7 i guess this is high because all these companies are the biggest in the world so i thought it would be more safer but this risk score i don’t know. Appreciate your advice. I do not need this money in short-term tho but i am wondering is this fund aims to make profit in long term or mid term? (years) I may add usd to this fund monthly basis.,;,; 2024-01-22 21:33:43]
[Google reveals its newest A.I. supercomputer, says it beats Nvidia,;,; [$GOOGL]( **published details about its AI supercomputer on Wednesday, saying it is faster and more efficient than competing** [$NVDA]( **systems.**  **While Nvidia dominates the market for AI model training and deployment, with over 90%, Google has been designing and deploying a chip, called Tensor Processing Unit, for artificial intelligence since 2016, partially for internal use.**     Full Article: [  &amp;#x200B;  Thoughts: While Google's supercomputer seems to have a leg up on efficiency here, Nvidia is already so entrenched and mainly a hardware focused company whereas Google is primarily still an ads focused business. Their fumbles with Bard and Microsoft's heavy investments in ChatGPT have put them in a tough spot in the AI race. They do have massive amounts of data to train with and their cloud computing business is on par with Microsoft and Amazon. Still Nvidia seems poised to be a major winner from the increase in computing power that comes with AI development and implementation.,;,; 2023-04-07 22:44:07]
[It's time to close the principal position on NetEase,;,;  It's time to finish the principal investment at $102 after NTE's rebound in the last three days. The main reasons push the price high were the policy page missing from the GAPP website which led the investors to think the new regulation in Living Gaming would remain the same, and the market rebound as the decline of the bank's deposit requirement. Although some catalysts still do not occur, like the process with Blizzard, which was acquired by Microsoft last year, I think it is better to execute the profit realized and principal protection action.  [ 2024-01-25 00:06:41]
[The tech industry's resilience: no signs of earnings recession despite market volatility,;,;  Last week, big U.S. tech companies began reporting their earnings for the first quarter of 2023. The results were generally ahead of estimates; for example, Alphabet revealed that its revenue grew, and that its rate of decline in earnings slowed down. Meta Platforms and others also put out earnings that were well ahead of expectations.  The results seen from U.S. tech companies last week call into question the narrative that we are in the midst of an “earnings recession.” This year, analysts have been busy cutting corporate earnings estimates because of a belief that earnings will decline due to a poor economy. The actual results posted suggest otherwise. Most of the U.S. tech companies are posting positive revenue growth; a few are even growing their earnings.  ## Microsoft beats earnings  **Microsoft ($MSFT)** was a big winner in last week’s U.S. earnings bonanza. It not only beat expectations but also delivered positive growth in net income, which most of its peers were not able to do. In the first quarter (Q1), MSFT delivered the following:  * $52.86 billion in revenue, up 7% * $22.35 billion in operating income, up 9.7% * $18.3 billion in earnings, up 9.4% * $2.45 in diluted earnings per share (EPS), up 10.3% * A 34.92% profit margin  Overall, it was a very strong quarter. Microsoft easily beat estimates on both revenue and profit, and it guided for further strength in the second quarter. If Microsoft’s results are any indication, then Canadian tech companies might put out good earnings when they report this week.  ## What’s next for Canadian stocks?  This week, Canadian tech companies will begin reporting their first-quarter earnings. These releases will show investors whether the companies in question are growing, profitable, and, overall, worth investing in.  **Shopify ($SHOP)** is one Canadian tech stock that will be reporting soon. Its release comes out on May 4 — the same day that Apple releases its earnings. Most likely, SHOP’s release will be overshadowed by Apple’s more closely watched earnings, but it will be notable in many ways itself.  For one thing, investors will want to know whether Shopify can keep up its high revenue growth. In 2022, Shopify’s revenue growth decelerated considerably, falling into the low teens. In the fourth quarter, it picked up a little, reaching 26%. Revenue deceleration has been a concern for Shopify, which was previously growing outrageously quickly (sales increased 86% in 2020), but lost its growth in 2022. If revenue growth picks up again, particularly if it exceeds the rate of growth analysts expect, then SHOP stock will likely rally.  Another thing investors will be watching in Shopify’s first-quarter earnings release is its profitability. Shopify was not profitable last quarter, partially because of losses on its stock portfolio. However, now, with tech stocks rising, Shopify may be able to become profitable again. It already has positive gross profit, but it’s suffering from the earnings impact of a weak stock market. There is a decent chance that Shopify will turn profitable in Q1, but it’s not guaranteed. Therefore, it’s something that investors will want to watch closely in SHOP’s Q1 earnings release.,;,; 2023-05-02 10:36:47]
[A Post-Earnings Review of Alphabet (GOOG),;,; I'm a big fan of making things more visual rather than a whole lot of text, so here's a rundown of some key things from Alphabet's latest earnings.   # The Cloud Market Share  First up, cloud market share. Conveniently, Microsoft released numbers as well this week so we can lump Azure into this. Amazon has not yet given us an update on AWS, but we should get that next week. For now, here's a breakdown of how the Cloud market stacks up.   [AWS vs Azure vs Google Cloud](  It should be noted that Microsoft does not break Azure out from a whole lot of other tools, I've assumed it's around two-thirds of "Intelligent Cloud" today. It could easily be +/- $5B from that $58.9B figure, but there's no confirmation of that.   Over time, Google Cloud and Azure are closing the gap on AWS. It's worth noting that the size of the pie is growing considerably, so AWS is still growing at a good pace, just Azure and Google Cloud have been growing a lot better recently.   &amp;#x200B;  [AWS vs Google Cloud vs Azure over time](  # YouTube vs Netflix  YouTube once again saw some decent advertising growth and it got me thinking... it's bigger than Netflix, right? Turns out it's pretty close on just advertising alone.   &amp;#x200B;  [Netflix Streaming vs YouTube Ad Revenue](  Alphabet does not break out YouTube Premium subscription numbers, but once can be sure that the tally puts YouTube higher than Netflix streaming on a revenue basis. So, the next time Disney+ versus Max vs Netflix is brought up in a "King of Streaming" battle, just know that YouTube is sat quietly dominating in the background.   # Google Cloud's Profitable Year  Finally, Google Cloud is on track for a profitable year on an operating basis. It's not done that before, but the past two quarters have both been positive setting the stage for the company's first profitable year of cloud services.   &amp;#x200B;  [Google Cloud operating income](  # Suggestions / Requests?  I love digging into financial statements and pulling out the bits we don't typically see. If you have questions / suggestions / requests on a company you'd like to see me dig into, let me know!,;,; 2023-07-27 19:56:45]
[Tesla ($TSLA) stock and six other tech titans are responsible for 86% of the S&amp;P 500 2023 performance.,;,;    Tesla($TSLA) stock **plunged nearly 10% last week on earnings**. That caught everyone's attention, but it was just the tip of the iceberg.  0 seconds of 14 secondsVolume 0%   With roughly one-third of the S&amp;P 500 companies **announcing quarterly earnings results this week**, there are none bigger than tech titans **Alphabet** ($**GOOGL**), **Amazon.com** ($**AMZN**), **Microsoft** ($**MSFT**) and **Meta Platforms** ($META). These four Big Tech stocks alone account for 41% of the S&amp;P 500's 2023 year-to-date gain, according to Nicholas Colas, co-founder of DataTrek Research.  Adding **Apple** ($**AAPL**), which reports next week, **Nvidia** ($**NVDA**) and **Tesla** ($**TSLA**) stock, Colas says these seven tech giants account for 86% of the S&amp;P 500's 2023 gain, which was 7.7% through Monday's close. These seven Big Tech stocks have rallied far more than the S&amp;P 500 this year.  According to Colas, there have been three drivers of outperformance for these tech leaders. First, all seven were deeply oversold at the end of 2022 and received a "January Effect" bounce.  The January Effect is a seasonal increase in stock prices throughout the month of January. The increase in demand for stocks in January is often preceded by a decrease in prices during the month of December, in part due to tax-loss harvesting.     Second, many of these tech companies have been aggressively cutting costs, so earnings power should now be higher than last year. And, finally, interest rates have declined, supporting the valuation of high-multiple stocks, he added.  ## Alphabet, Microsoft Earnings Due  Google-owner Alphabet reports earnings after the closing bell Tuesday. Shares are just below a 106.69 buy point in a **cup with handle**, according to **IBD MarketSmith** chart analysis.  Alphabet earnings are expected to measure $1.08 a share on revenue of $68.8 billion.  Dow Jones software giant Microsoft slid almost 2% midday Tuesday, threatening to extend a losing streak to four sessions ahead of the company's earnings results late Tuesday. MSFT stock is rolling back toward a 276.86 buy point in a **flat base** following a March 17 breakout.  Wall Street expects Microsoft to earn $2.24 a share on revenue of $51.0 billion, per FactSet estimates.     ## Amazon, Meta Earnings Also On Deck  E-commerce giant Amazon continues to trace the right side of a **cup base**, but is seeing resistance around its long-term 200-day moving average.  With earnings due out late Thursday, Amazon is expected to earn 21 cents a share on sales of $124.5 billion.  Facebook parent Meta Platforms will report Wednesday after the stock market closes. Meta stock is out of buy range past a **197.26 buy point** in a flat base, but receding.  The social media giant is expected to earn $2.02 a share on revenue of $27.6 billion.  ## Apple Earnings Next Week  Apple shares reversed squarely lower midday Tuesday. Still, they remain solidly above a 157.48 buy point and at the top of the **5% buy range** that runs up to 165.35.  The Dow Jones tech giant reports its fiscal second-quarter results on May 4. Wall Street expects the iPhone maker to earn $1.43 a share on sales of $92.9 billion.     ## Nvidia Holds Up; Tesla Stock Breaks Down  Graphics-chip maker Nvidia remains near its recent highs despite sharp losses midday Tuesday. Shares declined more than 2% in afternoon trade.  The **IBD Leaderboard stock** broke out past a 230.59 handle buy point after the **company's strong earnings on Feb. 23**.  Electric-vehicle giant Tesla stock continues to trade near its lowest level since Jan. 26. In recent weeks, shares triggered the **7%-8% loss rule** from a buy point at 200.76 in a cup with handle. And they are trading sharply below their 50-day line, a key level.,;,; 2023-04-26 06:14:46]
[I think I have my 401K/Roth IRA on set-it and forget-it strategies, but what next?,;,; I’m 27M and could use some help with getting my portfolio started / making sure that I’m doing everything right.  My current plan is: 401K (Vanguard): 100% in a target index fund (2060 - VTTSX)  Roth IRA (Vanguard): 56% VTI, 34% VXUS, 10% BNDW Brokerage (Morgan Stanley): I plan to move all 30K from this account (and close it) and into a S&amp;P 500 index fund (VFIAX) on E*Trade. From here I will use my RSUs that vest each month to put into this S&amp;P index fund ($800/month).  1) Is this the optimal strategy for my 401K, Roth, and Brokerage?   Then starting in June, I will start investing an additional $650/check for 1) Stocks like Apple, Google, Microsoft, etc that will be in a Robinhood account AND 2) Dividend Stocks/Funds to complement the S&amp;P fund in my E*Trade account.  - Would really love your thoughts on if this is a good strategy or if you would change anything?  - Would you recommend to just invest in 1 S&amp;P 500 index fund like VFIAX or investing in a variety index funds/etfs (in addition to what I’m doing in my 401K and Roth IRA)? - What would you do with the additional $650 that I can invest 2x / month?  Open to all recommendations and advice. Thank you everyone.,;,; 2024-02-03 01:19:32]
[Elon Musk’s latest AI Project (TruthGPT) and Understanding New AI Regulations - The Case for USD, SOXL, UBOT, and GGLL,;,; Hey everybody, my name’s Christian.  In November 2022, ChatGPT was released to the public, igniting mass interest in AI and bringing to the forefront of public discussion both the fantastic things AI can do to help the world, but also the potential for undesired consequences in a world where AI plays a significant role in the day to day life. Today I am discussing some recent events surrounding AI, including ChatGPT, new regulations and sentiment surrounding AI advancement, the ways companies are integrating the technology, and potential ways to profit from AI development and adoption, mainly through semiconductor and AI-related companies and funds.   &amp;#x200B;  **ChatGPT**  In November 2022, OpenAI released ChatGPT to the public based on the GPT-3.5 AI foundational large language models. Immediately, users were impressed with ChatGPTs ability to provide detailed and human-like answers in a wide range of knowledge domains and with a high degree, but not perfect, accuracy.   Following the release, ChatGPT has become the fastest-growing consumer application in history, amassing 100 million monthly and 13 million daily users by January of 2023, just two months after release. Conversely, Tiktok took nine months to reach 100 million monthly users, while Instagram took 2.5 years to achieve the 100 million monthly user mark.   &amp;#x200B;  **Concerns and Regulations around AI**  Yet, before the rapid adoption of AI technologies, spurred mainly by ChatGPT and related products, regulators worldwide have been concerned about AI and its possible risks to the public. In October of 2022, the Biden administration released a document titled the “AI Bill of Rights” to lay a framework for how AI technology should interact with the public in the modern age. The bill was based around five core pillars, designed to empower the American people to expect better from their AI tools, and demand better from AI technology producers, to ensure their users' safety, freedom, and security. This bill has been effective in its goal, as other regulators have recently passed regulations surrounding AI technology.   In the past few months, the Biden administration has pushed for further regulation in the AI space to protect children, with increased pressure on accountability measures for developing and creating a certification process to ensure AI technology is tested before its deployment.   The EU has developed its own regulations on AI development and utilization called the “AI Act.” Like the regulations in the US, the AI Act aims to steer the development of powerful AI in a human-centric, safe, and trustworthy direction. Furthermore, this act seeks to ensure AI is safe for its users, transparent in its training and answering protocols, and fair along every step of its development, including creation, training, and development.   Another significant development in the AI regulation arena is an Open Letter written by leaders in the AI space calling for halting AI development on March 22, 2023. This letter is co-signed and supported by prominent names such as Andrew Yang, Steve Wozniak (Co-Founder of Apple), and Elon Musk, among many other notable names. The letter's content warns that AI systems with human levels of intelligence pose a significant risk to society and humanity as a whole, risks that should be addressed and planned for. It calls for the complete halt of AI development for the next six months to develop and implement protocols and regulations to oversee and track AI firms to ensure human safety and the safe development of further AI technology. The letter summarizes that AI may be a wonderful development for the benefit of humanity, but proper regulations need to be in place before further advancements are made.   &amp;#x200B;  **TruthGPT**  Following Elon Musk’s signing of the Open Letter, released March 22, 2023, Elon Musk, in an interview with Tucker Carlson, announced that he is working on “TruthGPT,” an alternative to ChatGPT that claims to be a “maximum truth-seeking AI,” that will be “unlikely to annihilate humans.”   This move from Elon Musk isn’t coming out of nowhere. Elon Musk has extensive experience with AI technologies, as he co-founded OpenAi, the company that built ChatGPT. Elon Musk built the company with its current CEO Sam Altman in 2015 before leaving the company in 2018. More recently, Elon Musk has been a vocal critic of ChatGPT, claiming that OpenAI has trained the AI to lie and saying that ChatGPT has become a close source, a for-profit organization closely allied with Microsoft.   The combination of Elon Musk’s AI experience with OpenAi, the cosigning of the Open Letter calling for a halt to AI development, and finally, his course reversal with the announcement of his own AI suggests that Elon Musk is bullish on AI. Elon Musk’s proponency of AI supports the idea that AI is here to stay and represents a strong bullish indicator for large corporations to adopt AI technology into their existing profits.   &amp;#x200B;  **Samsung, Microsoft, and Google**   It’s not just me that thinks large companies are deeply interested in AI technologies to implement into their products to gain an advantage over the competitors and steal market share. Recently, Samsung, which ships over 200 million phones per year, stated that there are seriously considering dropping Google as the default search engine in their phones in favor of Microsoft’s Bing search engine. This is primarily due to Microsoft’s investment of $10 Billion into OpenAi in January and the implementation of OpenAi’s ChatGPT technology into its search engine Bing. The deal between Samsung and Google is worth $3 Billion and is deeply concerning to Google, which has a similar agreement with Apple worth $20 Billion, which is up for renewal this year.   The conflict between Samsung and Microsoft versus Google represents the most significant threat to Google’s search engine dominance in 25 years. In response, Google has announced the development of their own AI-powered search engine, as well as implementing AI into their existing products. Google has been working with AI for a long time with its DeepMind lab since it acquired the British lab in 2014. While the DeepMind lab is considered one of the best AI labs in the world, Google has been tentative about implementing AI  into their products as Google has found it to be prone to generating false and biased answers.   Yet with the pressure placed on it by Microsoft’s Bing search engine, Google released “Bard,” its own AI-powered search engine, to mixed success and reviews. Regardless of the success of the Bard release, Google will need to demonstrate that it is as powerful, competent, and modern as its competitors to maintain the dominance of the search engine market share it has enjoyed.   &amp;#x200B;  **Summary**  ChatGPT pushed the world into full-scale interest and adoption of AI technology, and thus the public will have to deal with the implications of this event, both positive and negative. Regulators and public figures have pushed caution and slowing of advancement and adoption of AI technology. However, Elon Musk’s course reversal and the conflict between significant technology companies suggest a slow and cautious adoption of the technology may be unlikely. Thus, assuming AI technology is here to stay, how can you position your investments to profit from this shift?  &amp;#x200B;  **Actionable Advice**  \*\*\*I am not a CFA, nor is this content aimed to be financial advice; it simply serves to provide my opinions on market conditions, opportunities, and strategies that interest me. You should do your own research before making any investment decisions.\*\*\*  Advancements in AI technology primarily come from improvements in software technology. However, AI technology runs on physical hardware with many components, like any other software. Suppose we assume that AI technology will likely increase in demand. In that case, we can see prices in stocks and funds that supply computer hardware, particularly semiconductors (the major component of CPUs and GPUs), and are involved with AI technology to experience significant price increases. The main stocks that I see benefiting from increased development and adoption of AI are USD, SOXL, UBOT, and GGLL.   **USD** is a 2x leverage fund that tracks the Dow Jones semiconductor index, aiming to provide 2x the daily returns of the underlying index. As such, it will see the most price movement if companies involved in the semiconductor index see price changes. Over the past month, the stock is down around 5%, while over the past six months, it's up over 80%.  **SOXL** is a 3x leveraged fund tacking the ICE semiconductor index, consisting of the 30 largest semiconductor companies in the US. As a higher leveraged fund, it hasn’t performed as well as the 2x leveraged fund due to choppy price action in semiconductors over the past few weeks. Additionally, like USD, the stock price will change following changes in the price of semiconductor manufacturers. SOXL is down 20% in the past month while up 60% in the past six months.  **UBOT** is a 2x leveraged fund tracking the performance of the Indxx Global Robotics and Artificial Intelligence Thematic Index. As such, this stock will move when companies involved in Robotics and AI see price changes. UBOT has dropped 2% in the past month, while it has increased 49% in the past 6 months.   **GGLL** is a 1.5x leveraged stock of Google. The reason I chose a fund tracking Google versus one that follows Microsoft or Apple is that I believe Google has the most opportunity for growth with their AI technology, and I think they have the highest chance of success in the space, which will consequently increase their stock price.  After their disappointing results with Bard, public opinion has moved slightly against Google regarding AI tech. However, as the dominant player in search engines, Google will be highly motivated to ensure they stay there, doing whatever is necessary to ensure they don’t slip from their current spot. Additionally, Google’s DeepMind lab, being one of the best AI labs in the world, means that if Google directs that experience toward the development of building the best search engine possible, I think the AI experience from the lab will allow Google to develop and deploy a search engine that matches or surpasses Microsofts offering in the form of Bing. Thus I believe Google will likely succeed in ensuring its dominance in the search engine field by more effectively developing and implementing AI technology than its competitors, resulting in higher company valuations and stock prices.   Ultimately, all these stocks are primed for significant increases in the coming months as AI development and adoption continue, regardless of the concerns and regulations being put in place by global governments.   Well, that's all I have for today. Please let me know your thoughts on these news events and my stock analysis in the comments.   Thanks for reading!  Christian Zahl,;,; 2023-05-02 14:37:43]
[Economic events for the week starting 10-23,;,; US economic events,  - US S&amp;P Global Manufacturing PMI, Tuesday - Speech -- Chair Jerome H. Powell, Wednesday 10-25 1:15pm PST *     *Introductory Remarks*    *At the 2023 Moynihan Lecture in Social Science and Public Policy, Washington, D.C.*  - US new home sales, Wednesday - US wholesale inventories, GDP, US durable goods, initial jobless claims, Thursday - US personal spending and income, University of Michigan consumer sentiment, Friday  International economic events,  - Australia CPI, Wednesday - Canada rate decision, Wednesday - European Central Bank interest rate decision; President Christine Lagarde holds news conference, Thursday - Japan Tokyo CPI, Friday  Notable ERs,  - Microsoft, Alphabet earnings, Tuesday - IBM, Meta earnings, Wednesday - Intel, Amazon earnings, Thursday - Exxon Mobil earnings, Friday   **Refs**  *Today's feeds* - [Bl Finance]( - [WSJ Finance]( 2023-10-23 18:40:28]
[ChatGPT preys at Google $GOOG, $GOOGL search's dominance,;,; Google $GOOG, $GOOGL is losing market share in search, if ever so slightly, Bank of America said on Thursday. Google had a 91.6% hold on the search market in October, the investment firm said, citing data from Statcounter. That's down 79 basis points year-over-year, though it's "relatively stable" since ChatGPT launched last year.  Microsoft’s $MSFT Bing saw its market share in search down 48 basis points to 3.1%, while Russia’s Yandex rose 101 basis points. Web data from Similar Web suggests ChatGPT, Bing and Bard, owned by Alphabet’s Google web traffic increased in October while Google was down marginally.  \-Google traffic declined 0.4% month-over-month to 2.8B.  \-Bard traffic was up 2% month-over-month to 8.7M.  \-Bing traffic increased 8% month-over-month to 42.7M.  \-ChatGPT traffic was up 4% month-over-month to 55M and represented roughly 2% of Google’s web traffic, compared to 1.6% in September and 1.8% in August.  “We expect greater LLM integration into search in 2024,” analysts led by Justin Post wrote in a note.,;,; 2023-11-09 20:03:02]
[Newbie question,;,; Hello guys  I am from 3rd world country.We have very high inflation and serious political problems.Just in order to survive and protect my small savings i decided to buy stocks from Usa.So far i have bought 2 google stocks,1 microsoft stocks,3 amazon stocks,one tesla....As our local currency is very low against dollar and other currency for me it is very expensive to get those stocks.But i will try to add more to my portflio every month.Here i have two questions first one is everyone speaks about recession and do you think it will really happen and decrease values of stocks?if so do you think it is better to wait till october to make investment as loss will be too much for me.and sorry my bad English.,;,; 2023-06-23 11:44:59]
[What company would you invest in if it was public or if it wasn't owned by company you can't trust?,;,; For me it would be no doubt Riot Games.   They make games in many different genres. They started out with League of Legends which became the most popular game in the world. Their Esports scene is huge. As of lately they are diversifying in different type of games. Making popular games such as Valorant, Team Fight Tactics. Even diving in the mobile gaming space creating the popular Wild Rift. Every game they produce seems to be made of gold. They are working on many other projects even making their own series on Netflix which is currently rated a 9 by 220k people. Now to the sad part. This company is owned by Tencent. It's pretty much owned by the Chinese state. No matter how much I think Riot Games will continue to produce quality content, I just can't touch a Chinese stock. It's a shame Microsoft or Amazon didn't pick this one up back in 2011.,;,; 2023-03-17 08:25:21]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 28, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes continued to fluctuate, and regional bank stocks opened high and closed high. As of the close, the Dow was up 0.6%, the Nasdaq was down 0.47%, and the S&amp;P was up 0.16%.  The yield on US 10-year Treasury bonds was up by 4.556% to close at 3.534%, which is -47 basis points lower than the yield on two-year Treasury bonds. The VIX was down by 5.24%. Brent crude oil was up by 4.27%, spot gold has been rising since November 22 last year and was down by 1.1% yesterday to close at $1956.4 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from a high level and closed at 102.84.  The banking crisis has eased and the market is now speculating that there is a 50% chance of a US Federal Reserve interest rate hike in May. The stock price of First Citizens Bancshares (FCNCA) was up significantly by 53.74%, reaching a new high not seen since January of the previous year. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), First Citizens Bancshares acquired $72 billion worth of assets from Silicon Valley Bank for $16.5 billion, including all its deposits and loans. FDIC will dispose of about $90 billion in other assets and provide potential liquidity credit of $70 billion. After acquiring Silicon Valley Bank, First Citizens Bancshares still maintains a strong capital adequacy ratio. FDIC is investigating management practices related to the bankruptcy of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. Its chairman, Gruenberg, said that FDIC is ready to use all its power if necessary.  **Trending Stocks**  [**First Citizens BancShares(FCNCA)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Following the announcement of its acquisition of most of Silicon Valley Bank under the receivership of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (FDIC), First Citizens BancShares (FCNCA) saw a significant increase in its stock price, rising by 53.74%.  [**Coinbase Global, Inc(COIN)**](  &amp;#x200B;    The value of Coinbase shares dropped by 7.8%. The CEO of Binance, Zhao Changpeng, and the trading platform itself are facing legal action from the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) over allegations of breaking regulatory guidelines. The CFTC is also seeking a permanent ban on their trading activities.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock decreased by 1.49%. Bing chat has extended the number of times users can chat, allowing for 20 chats per session and 200 chats per day. In partnership with the US Agency for International Development (USAID) and non-profit organization Internews, Microsoft has formed a new public-private partnership.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  Do you want to earn big in 2023? Then you should use our Magic Portfolio to achieve it.2023 has been great year so far with Nasdaq outperforming S&amp;P 500 and Dow Jones, returning more than 15%. With Fed raising 25bps on Mar 23rd and hint there will be only one raise towards the end of year, it is a bull case for the growth stocks. The Small Cap and Growth style Magic Portfolio has an annualized return of 35.78% in the past 10 years, well above the market return. Please click below link for more details. [**Magic Portfolio**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-28 11:47:16]
[Nvidia Surpasses Berkshire By Market Value In the Decisive Moment of AI Era,;,; Just two days ago, Nvidia dropped a bomb on the AI industry, igniting an already-hot field. Meanwhile, the Fed just signaled the end of a rate-hiking cycle. Together, these factors propelled Nvidia's market value beyond that of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, cementing its position as the fifth-largest publicly traded company in the United States.  Overnight, Nvidia's stock rose 2.73% to $271.9, increasing its market value to $671.6 billion. Meanwhile, Berkshire Hathaway's A-class shares fell 0.64%, decreasing its market value to $659.1 billion, allowing Nvidia to surpass it in market value.   Just five months ago, it would have been a laughing matter if someone had suggested that Nvidia would surpass Berkshire Hathaway in market value. However, market sentiment has changed, the rise of ChatGPT and other artificial intelligence technologies has provided strong support for Nvidia. With the development of AI technology, the demand for computing power is increasing. Nvidia's one-stop-shop approach of providing both hardware and software ecosystem puts it in a leading position globally.  As a result, Nvidia's stock price has risen nearly 90% since the beginning of the year, and its increase is even higher at 136% if calculated from its low point in October last year. In comparison, Berkshire's stock price has fallen 3.4% and risen 13.4% during these two periods.  If the AI boom continues, it seems that there will be no stopping the rise in Nvidia's stock price. However, some experts point out that while Nvidia has excelled in the AI race, its high valuation could be a concern. Currently, its expected P/E ratio is over 60, a level it has only reached once in the past 10 years. This has left analysts who are both bullish on Nvidia's prospects and well-versed in the cyclical nature of the semiconductor market in a bit of a bind.  Analysts believe that Nvidia's business related to AIGC is almost entirely dependent on capital expenditures from global tech giants, especially Microsoft and Google. UBS analyst Timothy Arcuri predicted in a report last week that AIGC could bring an additional $10-15 billion in GPU demand over the next one to two years.  Based on this, analysts currently predict that Nvidia's annual revenue will exceed $46 billion in three years, with an average annual growth rate of 20% - an astonishing rate for a chip manufacturer of Nvidia's size. However, tech giants' capital expenditures in the data center space are not evenly distributed, as evidenced by disappointing results in cloud services from companies like Amazon, Microsoft, and Google in their earnings reports for the quarter ended December last year, with warnings that growth rates will further slow down in the current quarter.  In addition, Nvidia may face increasingly fierce competition from AMD, which is launching its own data center GPU chips.  Last week, Morgan Stanley analyst Joseph Moore upgraded Nvidia's rating to a buy, even though he also pointed out that its valuation had risen to extremely high levels. He said that the development of AIGC is too big of a trend to be disrupted by tactical concerns; while it may be difficult to bet on Nvidia's stock at its current level, shorting the company also seems unwise.  View more market insight on [ 2023-03-24 09:02:27]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 20, 2023),;,; On Friday, the three major U.S. stock indexes fluctuated downwards, with regional banks dropping significantly. At the close, the Dow Jones was down 1.19%, the Nasdaq was down 0.74%, and the S&amp;P was down 1.1%. The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury bonds was down 3.991% to close at 3.44%, with a spread of -39 basis points compared to the 2-year Treasury yield. The VIX was up 10.96%, Brent crude oil was down 3.15%, and spot gold continued to rise from November 2022, rising 3.51% yesterday to close at $1986.6 per ounce. The U.S. dollar index continued to fall from its high point, closing at 103.86.  SVB Financial Group has submitted a request for bankruptcy protection in New York. The group has declared that it has approximately $2.2 billion in available funds, and its financial team is currently examining strategic alternatives. The subsidiaries that have applied for bankruptcy protection do not encompass SVB Securities and SVB Capital, and the transitional bank is also excluded from the bankruptcy protection program. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) has denied claims that it will insist potential buyers of signature banks sell off their cryptocurrency operations. As per the Financial Times, the US government is willing to split losses to facilitate the smooth sale of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank.  First Republic Bank has received a $30 billion investment from eleven Wall Street banks, including Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan, and Wells Fargo. The bank has also announced that it is currently examining its balance sheet composition and will temporarily halt stock dividends while focusing on reducing borrowing. Sources have disclosed that UBS and Credit Suisse are opposed to a forced merger. At least four global banks have imposed limitations on the new deal with Credit Suisse, while two banks are reducing their unsecured exposure to the deal. JPMorgan Wealth Management clients have pulled out $8.8 billion from prime money market funds over the past three days, while the company has received around $16.5 billion in core net new assets this week.   **Trending Stocks**  [**Credit Suisse Group AG(CS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Credit Suisse was down 6.94% last Friday, closed at $2.01. It is trading at $0.8100 this morning at 4:10 due to the news that the negotiation of acquisition between UBS and Credit Suisse is processing at a fast pace in order to maintain stability in the European banking system and restore investors’ confidence in Credit Suisse. According to the Financial Times report, UBS has offered to acquire Credit Suisse for up to **$1billion**, which is way less than the closing price for CS last Friday  [**Fedex(FDX)**](  &amp;#x200B;    FedEx's stock was up by 7.97%. Its revenue in Q3 FY23 dropped by 6% compared to the previous year. The company has revised its full-year adjusted earnings per share forecast to $14.6-$15.2, up from its previous estimate of $13-$14.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft was up 1.17% and gained 12% for the week, marking its largest weekly increase since 2015. The company released a new AI feature called Copilot, supported by GPT-4, which will be available in the entire Office suite of Microsoft 365. Copilot will help users improve their productivity in writing documents, creating charts, and generating art.  [**Micron Technology(MU)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Micron Technology was up by 0.16% after announcing plans to invest $100 billion to build a semiconductor manufacturing park in New York State. The construction will begin in 2024 and is expected to employ 9,000 workers upon completion in 2045.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-20 11:36:07]
[Immediately losing money when trading on plus500 demo,;,; **When I buy microsoft tesla or something else, Immediately I lose like 0.75% of my investment. Why is it happening on every stock?‎**  **I just want to try what is it like investing and lose 2000$ the second I click buy. Is there like a fee or something im not aware of? because there shouldnt be i think. Sorry if this is a stupid question because I started today and I want to know why is this happening. I invest in oil right now. by the way**  let me add some gibberish too  * Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.  maydoni to'rt har biri uchun &amp; # 8197; \[ \] U + 2006 bo'sh joy olti har bir   &amp; # 8198; \[ \] U + 2007 Shakl kosmik &amp; # 8199; \[ \] U + 2008 tinish joylari &amp; # 8200; \[ \] U + 2009 nozik kosmik &amp; # 8201; \[ \] U + 200A Soch maydoni &amp; # 8202; \[ \] U + 2028 qator ajratuvchi &amp; # 8232; \[\] U + 205F Intermediate Matematik Space &amp; # 8287; \[ \],;,; 2023-09-14 15:38:08]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 17, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes opened low and closed high, with semiconductors and large technology stocks leading the gains. As of the close, the Dow Jones was up by 1.17%, the Nasdaq was up by 2.48%, and the S&amp;P was up by 1.76%.  The yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond was up by 3.615%, closing at 3.583%, with a spread of -58 basis points compared to the two-year Treasury yield. The VIX dropped 12.05%, Brent crude oil was up by 1.1%, and spot gold continued to rise from November 2022 to the present, with a slight increase of 0.03% yesterday, reaching $1919.3 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high position, closing at 104.45.  The number of people filing for initial jobless claims in the US was lower than expected at 192,000, which suggests that the labor market is still strong despite large tech companies cutting jobs. This may be due to employers being hesitant to lay off workers during the pandemic, which has made it challenging to find labor. However, there are still 1.9 job openings for every unemployed person, indicating a tight labor market, and combined with high inflation, the Federal Reserve may raise interest rates next week. Nevertheless, the volatile financial market has created uncertainty for the economy.  Credit Suisse has released a memo stating that they will continue to focus on returning cash to investors in the Supply Chain Finance Fund. As of March 7th, they have returned around $6.8 billion to SCFF investors. In other news, data from the Joint Oil Data Initiative shows that Saudi Arabia's crude oil production has increased by 18,000 barrels per day to 10.45 million barrels per day in January, according to the International Energy Forum.  **Trending Stocks**  [**First Republic Bank (FRC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    First Republic Bank's stock rose by 9.98% after a group of financial institutions agreed to deposit $30 billion in the bank. This deposit is meant to be a sign of confidence in the banking system, according to the banks' announcement on Thursday afternoon. As of March 15, First Republic Bank had about $34 billion in cash, not counting the new $30 billion in deposits. The bank had borrowed tens of billions of dollars from the Federal Reserve and the Federal Home Loan Bank over the past week, but daily deposit outflows have now slowed considerably, according to the bank's statement. To preserve its liquidity position, First Republic Bank has suspended its common stock dividend. This move will allow the bank to conserve cash and maintain its financial strength during this uncertain economic period.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock price was up by 4.05% after the company announced that it will integrate OpenAI's chatbot technology into its popular Office suite applications, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. These applications will now have AI assistant features to help users with their work. However, despite the announcement of the new software, Microsoft is currently facing a challenge with a shortage of internal AI server hardware.  [**Credit Suisse Group AG(CS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Credit Suisse's stock closed flat, with the company announcing plans to raise funds up to 50 billion Swiss francs from the Swiss National Bank's liquidity tools. In addition, Credit Suisse plans to repurchase euro bonds maturing in 2023 and 2024 for up to 500 million euros and repurchase dollar-denominated bonds for up to $2.5 billion. JPMorgan commented on the possibility of Credit Suisse being acquired, with UBS being the most likely candidate.  [**Apple(AAPL)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Apple experienced a 1.87% rise in its stock price after news reports revealed the company is testing generative AI technology which could be used for its virtual assistant Siri, despite some significant design issues with the product. Additionally, Foxconn, a major Apple supplier, has secured a contract to manufacture AirPods and is planning to build a $200 million factory in India to begin production in late 2024.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-17 10:33:55]
[Why I shouldn't own 300 shares of Blackberry,;,; &amp;#x200B;  [welp i already got 300 shares](  &amp;#x200B;  [worldwide interest fading, june 2023 10-Q](  #   [March 31 2023 10-k](  #   [cybersecurity margins are getting squeezed, march 2023 10-k](  [  [  # Cybersecurity  The Company’s core secure software and services offerings are its Cylance® cybersecurity and BlackBerry unified endpoint management (“UEM”) solutions, collectively known as BlackBerry Spark.  &amp;#x200B;  They offer an AI driven endpoint protection service called Cylance which was a company they acquired for 1.4 billion in 2019. Of the $59 million decrease in Cybersecurity revenue, $47 million of that was attributed to the product Blackberry Spark. Cylance deal aging poorly. Noted elongated sales cycles in government causing large deals to slip into later quarters.  It is worth noting they had a 90% retention rate of customers but inability to upsell in the cybersecurity market is untenable as there are high salary costs and infrastructure requirements. Most IT departments will seek to consolidate vendors for cost savings.  # IOT  Blackberry IVY in 235 million vehicles and seeks to be the preferred app store of IOT.  The increase in IoT revenue of $28 million was primarily due to an increase of $18 million in QNX development seat revenue and an increase of $15 million in BlackBerry QNX royalty revenue, partially offset by a decrease of $5 million relating to professional services.  The increase in IoT gross margin of $21 million was primarily due to the reasons discussed above in “Revenue by Segment”, partially offset by an increase in salaries expense.  The decrease in IoT gross margin percentage of 1% was primarily due to an increase in salaries expense within cost of goods sold. From revenue we can deduce a 14% increase in cost of doing total sales since Feb 2022.  # Licensing  MARCH 2023: The Company expects revenue from intellectual property licensing to be approximately $5 million per quarter in fiscal 2024, excluding the [Malikie Transaction]( a deal which allowed them to make more money the more their product was licensed -- an interesting deal.  JUNE 2023:  The increase in Licensing and Other revenue of $231 million was primarily due to an increase of $218 million related to the completed Malikie Transaction and an increase of $13 million... The Company previously stated that it expected revenue from intellectual property licensing to be approximately $5 million per quarter in fiscal 2024... Revenue from intellectual property licensing was approximately $17 million excluding the Malikie Transaction.  # Takeaways  Increased cost of doing business, lower margins, and sliding timelines with government work pushing earnings into later quarters. Their Cybersecurity business is failing but if IVY is successful their AI driven endpoint security solution could provide a type of multi-access VPN for IOT and Enterprise of Things sector giving them a competitive advantage to newer companies entering emerging markets. However, they're likely to run into the same competitors like Crowdstrike and Microsoft. Microsoft's strategy is to allow other companies to develop a solution, embrace, overtake, destroy so it seems like Blackberry will have a tough time holding onto any market they may capture anyway.  People love this brand and it has a reputation for being secure. Now that the Malakie Transaction is finished, it will be interesting to see if they can maintain developments in their licensing business. Being in 235 million vehicles is no small feat, but it's an uncertain venture.,;,; 2023-08-25 17:24:59]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 15, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes fluctuated and closed higher, with regional banks rebounding and semiconductors leading the market. At the close, the Dow Jones rose 1.06%, the Nasdaq rose 2.14%, and the S&amp;P rose 1.65%.  The yield on 10-year US Treasury bonds rose 3.754% to close at 3.676%, with a spread of -56 basis points compared to the yield on 2-year Treasury bonds. The VIX fell 10.52%, Brent crude oil fell 3.78%, and spot gold has been on an upward trend since November 2022, but it fell 0.51% yesterday to $1903.8/ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high, closing at 103.67.  The US CPI has risen steadily in February due to the high cost of rent, with a month-on-month increase of 0.4% and a year-on-year increase of 6.0%, which is in line with expectations. There is uncertainty among economists as to whether the increase in inflation will be enough to push the Fed to raise interest rates again next week, especially after the bankruptcy of two regional banks. Some economists, including Goldman Sachs, predict that the Fed will pause the current fast monetary policy tightening cycle since the 1980s to avoid the spread of the banking crisis, while financial markets still expect the Fed to raise interest rates by 25 basis points. CME's "Fed Watch" reflects the mixed opinions among economists regarding the Fed's next move.  The Wall Street Journal reports that the US Department of Justice and the US Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating Silicon Valley Bank's information disclosure and executive trading. Signature Bank is being sued for providing false statements to customers, and a proposed class-action lawsuit aims to obtain compensation from the bank. Moody's has stated that the operating environment for the US banking system is quickly deteriorating, with a negative outlook.  The US military has accused a Russian fighter jet of intercepting and destroying a US drone in the Black Sea. The US government has notified its allies and is in direct communication with Russian officials to express its opposition to the incident. The Russian ambassador to the US has been called in for discussions. The Russian side denies the allegations and claims that the drone was not deliberately targeted and lost control due to a sudden maneuver.  **Trending Stocks**  [**First Republic Bank(FRC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    FRC, which was down 61.83% on Monday, was up nearly 28% yesterday, and traded up another 8.45% in the post-market.  [**Western Alliance(WAL)**](  &amp;#x200B;    WAL, down 47.06% on Monday, was up over 14% yesterday and up another 6.80% after close. Wells Fargo reiterated its overweight rating on the stock, while lowering its price target to $65 from $90. Still, the new price target implies 148.9% upside from the stock’s Monday closing price of $26.12.  [**PacWest(PACW**](  PACW, was down 21.05% on Monday, up nearly 34% yesterday while it was down 3.75% after close.  &amp;#x200B;    Despite the recent failures of several banks, the new CEO of Silicon Valley Bank reassured customers that the bank is still in operation and conducting business as usual. The bank's domestic operations in the United States are unaffected, and cross-border transactions are expected to resume soon. The FDIC has transferred deposits and assets from the former Silicon Valley Bank to a newly established transitional bank, which is now being operated by the FDIC.  [**Tesla(TSLA)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Tesla's stock went up by 5.03%. Tesla is hiring more employees at its Austin factory to speed up production of the Cybertruck. Elon Musk tweeted that reports of Tesla ending its partnership with BYD are untrue, and that their relationship is positive. The US Secretary of Transportation criticized Tesla on Monday for naming their driving assistance system "Autopilot", saying it does not make sense.  [**Meta Platforms(META)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Meta saw a 7.25% increase in stock price and is planning to cut around 10,000 jobs and halt recruitment for approximately 5,000 positions.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock increased by 2.71%. The Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for Consumers announced that Microsoft's Bing ChatGPT daily chat limit has been expanded from 120 to 150. Plus subscribers of ChatGPT can now use GPT-4, which supports advanced reasoning, complex instructions, and increased creativity. However, the usage is limited to 100 messages every four hours. OpenAI has recently released GPT-4, the latest AI text model, which outperforms 90% of humans in lawyer exams, compared to only 10% in the previous version, GPT-3.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-15 12:29:18]
[Peg Ratio,;,; Do you think a stock with a peg ratio lower than 2 is a good investment? I know that historically the best bargains are stocks which peg ratio are 1 or lower. However, I’ ve noticed many of the big companies have peg closer to 2 or more than 2   examples: Microsoft: 2.61, Google: 1.72, Meta:1,58 , etc  So, in order for their peg to be 1 or lower all these stocks pe ratios should fall between 13-16 and to be honest I don’t see that happening any time soon(I even think these stocks will keep a P/E ratio of at least 25 or 30 the next 3-5 years )  So do you think a peg ratio between 1 and 2 would be a better reference than the peg of 1 or lower ? Most of the stock I’ve reviewed seems to have pe ratios that double their growth rate If the stock projected growth rate is 10 it’s P/E ratio is close to  the 20s , if the expected growth is 15 the p/ e ratio is close to the 30s and so on. I think even the sp500 had a pe ratio of 20 when it delivered a 10% return last years(not sure about this one) But to me, it seems like that pe ratio would double the projected growth in most of the cases   Of course I might be totally wrong , so I appreciate any comments regarding this topic   Thank you so much for your time and help ;),;,; 2023-11-05 14:57:02]
[#SolarWinds will pay $26M to #investors settling a class action lawsuit💰,;,;  \#SolarWinds will pay $26M to #investors settling a securities class action lawsuit.  ⚠️Don't lose claim deadlines for $SWI #settlement  💵Details &amp; Settlement Instructions =&gt; [   The complaint alleged that the **Company and its Leaders made false and/or misleading statements** and/or failed to disclose that:  * since mid-2020, SolarWinds Orion **monitoring products had a vulnerability that allowed hackers to compromise the server** upon which the products ran;  * SolarWinds' update server had an easily accessible password of 'solarwinds123';  * consequently, SolarWinds' customers, including, among others, the Federal Government, Microsoft, Cisco, and Nvidia, would be vulnerable to hacks;   ***All persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired the common stock of SolarWinds from October 18, 2018, through December 17, 2020, may be entitled to payouts.***,;,; 2023-03-11 10:30:50]
[What could actually destabilize the stock market right now?,;,; I'll start. I want to read others opinions and ideas.      The general consensus right now is we're going through great weather in the stock market, smooth sailing. Maybe even a lot of confidence to be surfing the big waves. There are some things I see on the horizon.     1. The AI transition, although has the potential to do great things, is not being adopted so fast and in the pertient areas for actual economic growth. Because of this, AI as a tool for economic growth will plateu for a couple of years. Even though it's great, it has serious limitations right now and can't help whomever do something beyond their own capabilities to a degree that makes them as competent as an expert human being. Coding wise I can tell that much is certain. So I anticipate a disilusion coming from the AI expectations that are out there soon to bring the market down. Specially Nvidia, Microsoft, Apple, etc. 2. There is a serious disconnect between low income and high income people. Low income being the vast majority. This is causing insecurity to rise and creep into areas where that wasn't a problem before. As a consequence... low income people will save instead of spend, and high income people will keep spending, creating an unrealistic measurement of how the economy is doing. This will keep inflation and the prices of goods from coming down, preventing economic growth to come from both low, medium and high income populations. Making the FED reconsider lowering rates as inflation numbers are updated. 3. Slowly but surely companies will let go of staff and the unemployment number will go up. Adding weight to the idea that raising rates is a no go for now. High unemployment levels can lead to decreased consumer spending, further slowing economic growth and complicating efforts to combat inflation. 4. Group monopolization: Tech companies and a relatively small group of companies are taking most of the pie. This imbalance will have an effect on the quality of goods being produced. Only a handful of options will be left to choose from and the will of entreprenours will be eroded from not being able to compete with companies who can keep financing the production of their products regardless of their bad quality. So a general lack of doing business motivation will permeate the air and consumers could attempt to simply stop purchasing and going the DIY route. 5. Europe in general seems to be in a hole. Swiss banks will have some turbulence in the near, medium term future; the debt of countries like Greece, Italy, Spain, etc will just start adding up and making the Euro currency to continue to lose value against other currencies. 6. Geopolitical tensions could escalate in different fronts and cause bottlenecks in production, transportation, travel, etc. You have the US-China relationship disputing technology and intellectual property rights and creating a competition with other countries for where goods are produced to be imported to the US. Escalation in tensions could bring about tariffs, sanctions, or retaliatory measures. There's also the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Israel-Gaza situation, Iran and Western countries over nuclear programs, other oil producing nations and the oil pricing situation. 7. US elections coming soon.     Considering this and the list below of what has triggered the US stock market to go down at least 20%, what do you see creeping up, potentially, as a catalyst for the market to flip to bear territory?     1. **1973-1974 Stock Market Crash**: Triggered by the oil crisis following the Yom Kippur War, when OAPEC (Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries) proclaimed an oil embargo. This, coupled with high inflation, stagnating economic growth (stagflation), and the collapse of the Bretton Woods system, led to a severe bear market. 2. **Early 1980s Recession**: High inflation rates, exacerbated by oil price shocks and aggressive interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve under Paul Volcker to combat inflation, led to a severe recession and a significant market downturn in the early 1980s. 3. **Black Monday, 1987**: On October 19, 1987, stock markets around the world crashed, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) dropping by 22% in a single day. Factors included trade deficits, rising interest rates, and overvaluation, but the crash was exacerbated by the widespread use of portfolio insurance and automated trading systems. 4. **Dot-com Bubble Burst, 2000-2002**: After years of speculative investment in internet-based companies, the bubble burst in 2000, leading to a significant market correction. Many tech companies saw their stock values plummet, leading to a broader market downturn and a mild recession. 5. **Global Financial Crisis, 2007-2009**: Triggered by the collapse of the housing bubble in the United States, leading to a crisis in subprime mortgages and a severe liquidity crunch. This crisis quickly spread globally, leading to significant declines in stock markets worldwide, bank failures, and a deep global recession. 6. **COVID-19 Pandemic, 2020**: The global outbreak of COVID-19 led to unprecedented economic disruption, as governments around the world imposed lockdowns and travel restrictions to combat the pandemic. The uncertainty and sudden stop in economic activity led to a sharp, but relatively short-lived, market downturn in March 2020.,;,; 2024-02-12 03:31:16]
[Dow Jones rises but leaders tumble, and Tesla ($TSLA) stock triggers the sell rule.,;,;  Dow Jones futures were little changed early Thursday, along with S&amp;P 500 futures and Nasdaq futures. The stock market rally struggled Wednesday as weak economic data raised recession fears for a second straight session.    The major indexes still don't look too bad, with the Nasdaq sliding but the Dow Jones rising.  But once again, declining stocks decisively beat winners. Once again, many of those losers fell hard. But on Wednesday, a lot of more of those big losers were leading stocks, such as **On Holding** ($**ONON**), **MarketAxess** ($**MKTX**) and **PagerDuty** ($**PD**). **C3.ai** ($**AI**) sold off for a second session, with the AI stock now staging a massive, outside week to the downside.  Others, including many chip names, declined solidly, now showing more chart damage after relatively modest retreats Tuesday.  **Tesla** ($**TSLA**) skidded for a third straight day, triggering the automatic sell rule.   Megacap techs such as **Apple** ($**AAPL**), **Microsoft** ($**MSFT**), Google parent **Alphabet** (**GOOGL**), **Meta Platforms** ($**META**) and **Nvidia** all fell.  Meanwhile, bank stocks came under more pressure. **Western Alliance Bancorp** (**WAL**) plunged, leading a retreat in regional banks, though they pared losses in the afternoon. **Charles Schwab**hit a two-year closing low. While bank deposits may be relatively safe, the bigger issue now may be long-term bank profitability as well as lending curbs that rapidly slow the economy.  Medical names are looking relatively strong, along with other defensive growth or defensive plays.  PagerDuty stock, On Holding, Meta and Nvidia are on **IBD Leaderboard**. Microsoft and Google stock are on the **IBD Long-Term Leaders** list.   Despite relatively benign action in the major indexes, the weakness in growth and other leading stocks is concerning. Investors should be looking to protect profits and cut losses.  ## Costco Sales Weak  Costco same-store sales fell 1.1% in March vs. a year earlier, the first decline in nearly three years. U.S. comps slid 1.5%. Excluding gasoline and currency effects, comps rose 2.6% or 0.9% in the U.S. E-commerce comps tumbled 11.6%. COST stock fell modestly.  ## Dow Jones Futures Today  Dow Jones futures edged higher vs. fair value. S&amp;P 500 futures were flat and Nasdaq 100 futures declined 0.2%.  The Labor Department will release weekly jobless claims at 8:30 a.m. ET. That follows unexpectedly weak February job openings and the March ADP Employment Report. Labor will release the March jobs report on Friday morning, but U.S. markets will be closed.   ## Stock Market Rally  The stock market rally had a generally negative session, despite the mixed action on the major indexes.  The ADP Employment Report showed private payrolls rose much less than expected in March, a day after a big drop in February job openings. The March ISM services index fell more than expected, signaling rapidly slowing growth.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.2% in Wednesday's **stock market trading**. The S&amp;P 500 index dipped 0.25%. The Nasdaq composite retreated 1.1%. The small-cap Russell 2000 gave up 1%.  U.S. crude oil prices dipped 0.1% to $80.61 a barrel.  The 10-year Treasury yield declined 5 basis points to 3.285%. That's the lowest point in nearly seven months. The 2-year Treasury yield sank 7 basis points to 3.76%, off 34 basis points in the past four sessions.  ## ETFs  Among growth ETFs, the Innovator IBD 50 ETF ($**FFTY**) shed 1.9%, while the Innovator IBD Breakout Opportunities ETF ($**BOUT**) gave up 0.65%. The iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF ($**IGV**) slipped 1.3%. Microsoft stock and a few other heavyweights dominate IGV, while more-speculative software names like PagerDuty suffered bigger losses. The VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF ([**SMH**]( gave up 1.75%, with NVDA stock a major holding.  Reflecting more-speculative story stocks, ARK Innovation ETF ($**ARKK**) slumped 3.6% and ARK Genomics ETF (**ARKG**) shed 1.8%. TSLA stock is the top holding across Ark Invest's ETFs. Some Ark funds also own PD stock.  SPDR S&amp;P Metals &amp; Mining ETF (**XME**) retreated 1.15% and the Global X U.S. Infrastructure Development ETF (**PAVE**) 1.7%. U.S. Global Jets ETF (**JETS**) and SPDR S&amp;P Homebuilders ETF (**XHB**) descended 1.5%. The Energy Select SPDR ETF (**XLE**) climbed 1.5% and the Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (**XLV**) rallied 1.7% to its best level since Feb. 14.  ## Bank Stocks  The Financial Select SPDR ETF (**XLF**) edged down 0.1%, with SCHW stock a top 10 holding. The SPDR S&amp;P Regional Banking ETF (**KRE**), which includes WAL stock, sank 1% but finished off lows.  Western Alliance stock plunged as much as 19.4% after releasing some financial metrics but not disclosing deposits. Shares came off their lows as the California-based bank disclosed deposits fell 11% on March 31 vs. the end of 2022, not as bad as some feared. Still, WAL stock closed down 12.4%.,;,; 2023-04-06 11:23:50]
[Apple becomes first U.S. company to reach $3 trillion market cap,;,;    * **Apple hit a market cap of $3 trillion briefly during trading on Monday.** * **The milestone is mostly symbolic but it represents investor recognition of Apple’s success over the past few years as the company has reported several record-breaking quarters of big growth in all of its product lines.** * **Apple’s cash flow also makes the stock a safe haven during times of market uncertainty.**  Apple briefly hit a market cap of $3 trillion during intraday trading on Monday, before dropping back under the mark shortly afterwards. Apple broke the barrier when its share price hit $182.86.  Apple rose 2.5% on Monday to close at $182.01, just missing closing the trading day at the $3 trillion mark.   The milestone is mostly symbolic but it shows investors remain bullish on Apple stock and its ability to grow. At a market value of $3 trillion, Apple tripled its valuation in under four years. And analysts see plenty of room to run.  Apple showed annual growth across all of its product categories in its fourth-quarter earnings, with revenue up 29% year-over-year. While the iPhone is still the biggest sales driver, Apple’s services business grew 25.6% year-over-year and delivered more than $18 billion in revenue during the quarter.   In December, for example, Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty raised the firm’s price target on Apple from $164 to $200, and maintained the equivalent of a buy rating, arguing that new products like virtual reality and augmented reality headsets aren’t yet baked into the share price.  Huberty also said she expects Apple’s App Store revenue to outperform Morgan Stanley’s forecasts for the quarter and for Apple to ship 83 million units during the December quarter, 3 million more than anticipated.  Apple sold 27 million pairs of its newest AirPods model over the holidays, driving 20% year-over-year growth for Apple’s wearables business during the quarter, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of TFI Asset Management Limited said in a Monday note.  Wedbush analyst Daniel Ives wrote on Sunday that the mark is a “watershed moment” but has more room to grow, especially since Ives values Apple’s services business at $1.5 trillion.  Investors also turned to Apple as a safe haven during recent market uncertainty, thanks to its strong balance sheet and prodigious cash flow, which it uses to invest in new products, stock buybacks and to return capital to shareholders through dividends.  Apple became the first publicly traded U.S. company to hit a $1 trillion market cap during intraday trading on Aug. 2, 2018. It hit a $2 trillion valuation just over two years later on Aug. 19, 2020.  Apple’s peers aren’t far behind. Microsoft is worth about $2.5 trillion, Amazon has about a $1.75 market cap and Google’s market valuation is just shy of $2 trillion.  Apple stock rose 34% in 2021.,;,; 2023-06-14 09:30:13]
[Daily U.S. Stock Market News Flash (Friday, March 17),;,; Important Information  1. The Fed's discount window borrowing soared to a record high. As of the week of March 15, the Fed's discount window borrowing increased to $152.9 billion, with the last historical peak of $111 billion in the 2008 financial crisis.  2. The People's Bank of China decided to lower the reserve requirement ratio of financial institutions by 0.25 percentage points on March 27 (excluding financial institutions that have already implemented a 5% reserve requirement ratio).  3. National Development and Reform Commission: Starting from 24:00 on March 17, domestic gasoline and diesel prices will be reduced by RMB 100 and RMB 95 per ton respectively, which will cost RMB 4 less to fill up a tank of gasoline.  Individual stock news  1. SVB Financial Group filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings, the group said it has about $2.2 billion in liquidity and the finance team is evaluating strategic options.  2. 11 major Wall Street banks, including Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo, injected a total of $30 billion into First Republic Bank (FRC.N); in addition, First Republic Bank said it is evaluating the composition of its balance sheet and will suspend stock dividends and focus on reducing borrowings.  3. UBS (UBS.N) and Credit Suisse (CS.N) oppose forced merger; Credit Suisse European shares will welcome the biggest one-week drop since October 2008, people familiar with the matter said.  4. Microsoft (MSFT.O) released a new AI feature supported by GPT-4, called Copilot, which will be applied to the Office family bucket in Microsoft 365 and can help customers improve efficiency in writing documents, creating charts and generating art paintings.  5. TSMC (TSM.N) may consider another price increase in the second half of 2023 to cope with its increasing manufacturing costs, sources said.  6. Tucson Future (TSP.O) announced that its self-driving trucks have accumulated a total of 16 million operating miles in testing, R&amp;D and commercial operations.  7. Micron Technology (MU.O) is reportedly planning to invest $100 billion in a semiconductor manufacturing campus in New York State, USA, with construction starting in 2024 and employing 9,000 people when all construction is completed in 2045.  8. Qualcomm (QCOM.O) announced the launch of the second-generation Snapdragon 7+ mobile platform, which, according to the official introduction, features a Qualcomm Kryo CPU with a maximum main frequency of up to 2.91GHz and a performance increase of more than 50%.  9. Taiwan media reports TSMC (TSM.N) U.S. Arizona plant is expected to mass produce 4nm in 2024, Qualcomm senior vice president and chief operating officer Chen Ruowen said today, Qualcomm (QCOM.O) will be the first customers of TSMC's U.S. plant 4nm.  10. reports that Virgin Orbit (VORB.O) is in talks for a potential acquisition.  11. Charles Schwab (SCHW.N) clients withdrew $8.8 billion from prime money market fund (PMF) in three days.  12. the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) denied reports that it would require any purchaser of Signature Bank to divest its crypto business.  13. Baidu's (BIDU.O) "Radish Express" was the first fully unmanned self-driving demonstration application approved in Beijing, the first time a fully unmanned fleet of vehicles has landed in the capital city globally.  Earnings Data   FedEx(FDX.N): Q3 FY2023 revenue down 6% year-over-year to $22.2 billion; full-year adjusted earnings per share raised to $14.6-15.2 vs. previous estimate of $13-14.,;,; 2023-03-17 13:16:49]
[IonQ Pursues a Revolutionary Step in AI: Striving to Develop Quantum Machine Learning Models Matching Human Cognitive Abilities,;,; IonQ, a quantum computing company, is aiming to pioneer Quantum Machine Learning (QML) models that can rival the capabilities of human intelligence. The company is spearheaded by CEO Peter Chapman, who has a rich background in machine learning from his time at Kurzweil Technologies. IonQ's research shows that QML, despite its infancy, often outperforms its classical counterparts. This is primarily due to quantum mechanics principles of superposition and entanglement, which enable the creation of new machine learning algorithms that can solve problems that classical computers cannot handle. Chapman envisions QML to become as impactful as large language models, like OpenAI's ChatGPT, in the future.  &amp;#x200B;  In terms of hardware, IonQ has built three trapped-ion quantum computers: IonQ Harmony, IonQ Aria, and IonQ Forte, each with its unique capabilities. Their next major technical milestone is achieving 35 algorithmic qubits (AQ) which, beyond this point, will make it more cost-effective to run models on actual quantum machines than simulating them classically. IonQ also collaborates with leading tech companies like Amazon, Dell, Microsoft, and NVIDIA to integrate their quantum technology with the partners' AI and machine learning expertise.  &amp;#x200B;  Further, IonQ is venturing into Quantum Artificial Intelligence and has already published research on modeling human cognition. This field of study employs quantum computers to simulate human cognition, potentially offering powerful insights into artificial general intelligence (AGI).,;,; 2023-06-03 08:24:05]
[Google Will Roll Out New AI Tools for Advertisers, Marketers,;,; Google is rolling out new AI tools to help marketers create advertisements, seeking to expand its use of AI in products and capitalize on the growing demand from business for the emerging technology.  The company said advertisers would soon be able to run ads on its popular search engine that are created using generative AI  The software can spin up text and images from a simple prompt.  It will be able to draw on text from their product landing pages to create ads, and to automatically generate slogans and product descriptions that are more relevant to customer search queries.  Also, advertisers will be able to use AI-powered chat products for text and images as they create their ads.   In newly introduced Product Studio, merchants can find product images with the help of generative AI “without the added cost of new photo shoots.”  Merchants will be able to improve the quality of low-resolution images, remove unwanted backgrounds, or add elements into a product image.  As tech giants such as Google and Microsoft Corp. race to weave generative AI into their products, some experts have expressed concern that the tools will be used to supercharge the torrent of misinformation circulating online. Google’s policies bar advertisers from misrepresenting the products and services they provide, and the company said the AI tools contain guardrails to prevent abuse. Ads created using generative AI will be subject to the company’s existing controls, but will not receive extra scrutiny, the company said.,;,; 2023-05-23 19:02:55]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 16, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes fluctuated and dropped. The surge in Credit Default Swap (CDS) of Credit Suisse reignited risk aversion, and the energy, materials, and financial sectors dragged down the overall market. The Nasdaq China Golden Dragon Index was down more than 4% at one point during the trading day, hitting its lowest level since the end of December last year. At the close, the Dow Jones was down 0.87%, the Nasdaq was up 0.05%, and the S&amp;P was down 0.7%.  The yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond was down 5.93% to 3.458%, with a spread of -44 basis points compared to the two-year Treasury yield. The VIX was up 10.16%, Brent crude oil was down 4.88%, and spot gold has continued to rise since November 2022, with a 0.78% increase to $1,918.67 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high, closing at 104.75.  The US PPI, a measure of wholesale inflation, decreased by 0.1% in February, which was lower than the expected increase of 0.3% and previous month's increase of 0.7%. The year-on-year PPI in February was 4.6%, which is lower than the expected 5.4% and the previous value of 6%. The pricing of the Fed funds rate for the Fed rate swap suggests that the Fed is expected to raise interest rates by only 10 basis points in March. The US retail sales data for January was revised upward, but the data for February shrank. Experts suggest that the strong retail sales in January were partly due to the adjustment of spending patterns at the end of last year and early this year, as well as high inflation.  Credit Suisse's largest shareholder, the Saudi National Bank, has announced that it cannot provide more assistance to the bank due to regulatory restrictions. This news caused Credit Suisse's USD bonds, which are due in 2026, to drop sharply to junk bond levels. However, the Swiss National Bank and FINMA have stated that they are closely monitoring the situation and are prepared to provide liquidity if necessary. They also emphasized that Credit Suisse meets the high capital and liquidity requirements for systemically important banks, and that the problems in the US banking sector do not pose a direct risk to the Swiss financial market.  **Trending Stocks**  [**Bank of America(BAC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Bank of America's stock was down by 0.94%. According to insiders, the bank has seen an influx of over $15 billion in new deposits within a few days following the collapse of three banks, including Silicon Valley Bank, due to the fear of crisis spreading.  [**HSBC Holdings PLC(HSBC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    HSBC Holdings also experienced a decrease of 3.81%. Its leaders urged SVB UK, the UK-based branch of Silicon Valley Bank, to reassure its customers of their deposit security and loan support, and the group has already invested nearly £2 billion in liquidity into SVB UK and is ready to deploy more as needed.  [**Credit Suisse Group AG(CS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Credit Suisse experienced a 13.94% drop in its stock price, falling for five consecutive trading days and reaching an all time low of under $2 per share, resulting in a total market value of around $8.5 billion. The chairman of Credit Suisse stated that government assistance is not something the bank is considering, as it possesses a strong capital adequacy ratio and a robust balance sheet.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock increased by 1.78% following the announcement that OpenAI has introduced its GPT-4 AI system for generating text. The GPT-4 model has shown that it can perform on par with humans on different tests that measure professional and academic standards. OpenAI has made GPT-4 available to subscribers of ChatGPT's Plus service.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.  View more at [ 2023-03-16 12:03:21]
[The Market Recap: Fed Raises Interest Rates in Emergency Action, Market Rebounds on Positive Note. ATVI and NFLX Bullish,;,;  The Federal Reserve increased its benchmark interest rate by a quarter of a percent to a new range of 4.75% to 5% to combat inflation and a banking crisis caused by the pandemic.    The officials have stated that they intend to continue their current balance sheet runoff as planned and have removed the language suggesting "ongoing rate increases" in interest rates.     All members of the FOMC voted in favor of this decision. The U.S. stock market rebounded from early losses and closed moderately higher on Friday, led by bank stocks.    Treasury Secretary Yellen called an unscheduled meeting of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) to address concerns about the stability of the banking sector during global turmoil.    The FSOC released a statement saying that despite some stress, the U.S. banking system remains sound and resilient.    The banking turbulence also had an impact on global bond markets, with investors seeking safety in government debt.    ATVI Activision Blizzard saw a surge of over 5% due to a positive update from the UK’s Competition and Markets Authority on Microsoft’s acquisition of Activision.    NFLX Netflix rose over 2% following a bullish note from Bank of America citing positive trends for subscriber numbers and a strong content slate for 2023 and beyond.   If you prefer listening or want some more details I have made a version with audio but using an AI voice over: [ 2023-03-25 06:34:51]
[ChatGPT picks a winning stock portfolio and easily beats top-performing funds.,;,;    A fictional stock portfolio curated by ChatGPT has put the Top 10 U.K. funds to shame.   ChatGPT was instructed to assemble a winning stock portfolio. The AI replied that it couldn’t provide specific investment guidance, but when Finder clarified the exercise was purely theoretical, ChatGPT played ball and gathered 38 stocks to form a fund that did strong numbers in the eight weeks following its creation on March 6, 2023. It outperformed the UK’s top 10 funds’ average gains in the same time period.  “The ChatGPT fund has led the real funds for 34 of the 37 market days (87%) of its lifespan so far,” Finder reported. On April 4, ChatGPT was up 4.7%, while the real funds were left in the dust, down by 1.9%. The top performers of the experimental AI fund (thus far) are Meta, Microsoft, and Intel, all of which are up double-digit percents.     “Big funds have increasingly been using AI for years, but the public using a rudimentary AI platform that openly says its data is patchy since September 2021 and lacks the intricacies of market psychology, doesn’t sound like a good idea,” said Finder CEO Jon Ostler.  When surveyed by Censuswide (commissioned by Finder), U.K. respondents offered a glimpse into their comfort level with AI in the personal finance world. Eight percent of surveyed adults indicated they’d already used AI to get financial advice, while 19% said they’d consider letting ChatGPT give them financial advice.  This once again highlights the gap between how companies view ChatGPT and how civilians look at the tool. While the average person may see it as an amusement, research assistant, or in-house financial adviser, major companies such as Samsung view it as a security risk of the highest order, hence the aforementioned tech corporation’s flat-out ban on employees using generative AI for work purposes.  [ 2023-05-09 05:30:31]
[MSFT has been riding the 5d on the daily’s and pulled away from 5d today, also look how many times it’s been rejected from 280 resistance/support. The last time it pulled this far away and hit 280 (March 23rd) it was slapped hard.,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-30 03:55:12]
[Most Important Stock Market News from Today (03/06/2033),;,; ***Earnings:***  **Lordstown Motors (RIDE)**  * EPS of ($0.45), missing ($0.27) estimate * Rev of $194K, missing $1.25M estimate  **Ciena Corp (CIEN)**  * EPS of $0.64, beating $0.36 estimate * Rev of $1.06B, beating $959.40M estimate  **Trip.com (TCOM)**  * EPS of $0.11, beating ($0.03) estimate * Rev of $730M, beating $702.47M estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Tesla (TSLA)** cuts U.S. Model S and Model X prices between 4% and 9% * **Starbucks (SBUX)** plans to add 100 UK stores in drive-through push * **Realty Income (O)** inks $1.5 billion sale-leaseback deal for Cumberland Farms and other stores * **Vistra (VST)** buying **Energy Harbor Corp** for $3 billion * **BridgeBio (BBIO)** rallies 50% on new data from dwarfism therapy * **E.F. Hutton** taking **Rover** and **Jaguar** EV conversion company **E.C.D** public through SPAC merger * **SiriusXM (SIRI)** laying off 475 employees, cutting 8% of workforce * **Microsoft (MSFT)** brings an AI-powered Copilot to its business app suite * **LIBOR** cracks 5% for first time since 2007, spurred by Fed Outlook * **Altria (MO)** to buy vaping company **NJOY** for $2.75 Billion * Qualtrics (XM) gets $12.4 billion buyout offer from Silver Lake * Former top **Credit Suisse (CS**) shareholder, Harris Associates, sells out of bank * **JetBlue (JBLU) - Spirit (SAVE)** deal faces DOJ Antitrust suit as soon as Tuesday * **Merck’s (MRK)** drug boosts exercise capacity in pulmonary hypertension patients,;,; 2023-03-06 23:49:50]
[2 leading tech stocks to buy in 2023 and beyond,;,;    * **Shares of Amazon and Alphabet plunged over 39% in 2022.** * **However, that has only made both companies' shares bargain investments.** * **The potency of their businesses in multiple markets makes their stocks likely to soar over the long term.**   ## Amazon and Alphabet should flourish over the long term, thanks to their positions in AI and cloud computing.   Last year was a terrible one for tech stocks, with hikes in inflation dragging down the entire market. Market leaders **Amazon** **($****AMZN****)** and **Alphabet** **($****GOOG****)** **($****GOOGL****)** experienced stock declines of 50% and 39%, respectively, throughout 2022 as a result.  However, the market has seen a surge in 2023, with industries like artificial intelligence (AI) and cloud computing gaining favor with investors. Consequently, companies in these sectors have become increasingly compelling investments before a likely bull run.  Dominant in their respective markets, Amazon and Alphabet have seen their companies flourish over the years, and their potent businesses are likely to keep expanding.  ## 1. Amazon   An economically challenging 2022 caused steep declines in Amazon's e-commerce business, with its North America and international segments reporting a combined $10.6 billion in operating losses in the fiscal year. As a result, the company's stock remains down over 30% year over year, prompting a buying opportunity.  E-commerce remains a steadily growing industry alongside the rise in online retail sales, with temporary headwinds unlikely to affect Amazon's long-term development. In the meantime, Amazon has a thriving cloud business through Amazon Web Services ($AWS), boasting the largest market share at 34%. The COVID-19 pandemic boosted cloud adoption as numerous companies moved online to suit hybrid working styles. In recent months, advances in AI have similarly boosted the industry, with the technology enhancing cloud services and attracting new clients.          Amazon's dominance in the industry led $AWS to generate 100% of the company's profits in 2022, hitting $22.8 billion in operating income.   Recent challenges have brought down Amazon's stock and e-commerce business. However, the company's long-term outlook is positive, and Wall Street seems to agree. Out of 50 analysts, 46 have rated the company's shares a strong buy or buy. Meanwhile, Amazon's average 12-month price target of $137.37 projects a 34% stock rise, making Amazon a no-brainer investment in 2023 and beyond.  ## 2. Alphabet  Last year's sell-off was particularly hard on Alphabet as many businesses slashed their budgets for advertising, the company's primary source of income. Then, the launch of OpenAI's ChatGPT in November 2022 sent Alphabet's stock tumbling further, with the AI chatbot posing a threat to Google's majority market share in search engines.  However, the company appears to be back on a growth path. In March, inflation eased for the ninth month in a row, hitting its lowest level since May 2021. Inflation rose 5% last month, down from 6% in February and a peak of 9.1% in June 2022. The news is positive for many tech stocks, including Alphabet. As inflation eases, businesses will be keener to utilize the company's digital advertising services, offering steady revenue growth.   Moreover, Alphabet has responded to the release of ChatGPT and its integration into **Microsoft**'s search engine Bing by pivoting its own business toward AI development. The move has given Alphabet something it has needed for years -- a clear and definitive direction. With little effort, the company has held an over 80% market share in search engines for decades. However, increased competition has lit a fire under Alphabet to retain that market share and develop its rival to ChatGPT, which it calls Bard.       The launch of Bard in February was discouraging, with the chatbot sharing inaccurate information at its debut and failing to instill confidence in investors. But Alphabet's dominant influence in search grants it some time to improve its own tech and Google remains a formidable opponent -- even for Microsoft's Bing. Over the long term, I wouldn't bet against the Google company taking the lead in generative AI search engines.  Like Amazon, many experts are bullish about Alphabet's stock, with 47 out of 52 analysts rating it a strong buy or buy.  As the home of potent brands such as Android, YouTube, and the many services under Google, Alphabet is a leading tech company with attractive long-term prospects. With a 12-month price target of $125, which is 14% higher than its current position, Alphabet's stock is a must-buy this year.,;,; 2023-04-17 07:16:43]
[Don't miss out on the rebound: Grab these super stocks on the dip,;,;    ## 1. Confluent's largest customer cohort continues to outperform  Data streaming is a technology rapidly growing in importance for businesses because consumers are increasingly demanding more live experiences from their digital products and services. **Confluent** **(****CFLT****)** is a leader in the industry, and some of the largest companies in the world are flocking to its platform.       Cloud computing allows businesses to operate online, and every interaction within their digital ecosystem creates data. The ability to use that information instantly is a game changer for the customer experience; a retailer, for example, can manage inventory in real time so products never go out of stock. And an online sports betting platform can offer live markets during a game because data streaming allows them to calculate odds, feed them to the users, and accept bets -- all within seconds.  The technology has implications for almost every industry, and International Data Corp. predicts 90% of the world's 1,000 largest companies will be using it by 2025.   In the first quarter of 2023, Confluent generated $174.3 million in revenue, up 38% year over year and well above its $168 million forecast. But there was an even more impressive figure: The number of businesses spending $1 million or more on Confluent's platform surged 53% -- more than three times faster than the company's customer base grew overall.     ## 2. DigitalOcean continues to outgrow its trillion-dollar competitors  **DigitalOcean** **(****DOCN** **-2.30%)** is a provider of cloud computing services that allow its customers to store data, host websites, and even develop software. It has one significant point of difference from its major competitors like **Amazon** Web Services (AWS) and **Microsoft** Azure: DigitalOcean targets small to medium-sized businesses with under 500 employees.     It's a lucrative segment of the cloud market because DigitalOcean can develop a relationship with businesses in their start-up phase and then reap the financial rewards when they begin to scale up. The company offers personalized service, cheap pricing, and a simple cloud platform with one-click deployment tools designed to suit its target customers. Other cloud providers are more focused on large enterprise customers, so they don't typically offer a competing value proposition for small businesses.     As of Q1, DigitalOcean had 146,500 customers spending more than $50 per month. That includes 15,000 "scalers," which are its top spenders, each contributing an average of $1,962 per month to DigitalOcean's revenue. Speaking of which, the company generated $165.1 million in revenue during the quarter, marking an increase of 30% year over year. That was a faster growth rate for the period than AWS (16%), Microsoft Azure (27%), and **Alphabet**'s Google Cloud (28%) delivered!  &amp;#x200B;  ## 3. Redfin stock has soared 149% in 2023  **Redfin**'s **(****RDFN** **-4.18%)** got off to a strong start in 2023, with the stock price up 149% so far this year. But it's still down 88% from its all-time high. The real estate technology company struggled over the last 18 months because the U.S. Federal Reserve embarked on the most aggressive campaign to hike interest rates in its history to fight soaring inflation. That's directly impacting demand for housing because consumers can't afford to borrow as much money, leading to a slowdown in Redfin's business.    Redfin employs 1,876 lead agents covering 98% of the U.S. housing market (geographically), allowing the company to operate at a level of scale that smaller independent realtors can't match. As a result, it charges listing fees as low as 1%, undercutting the more common rate of 2.5% and creating a win-win for Redfin and its sellers.  The company is so popular that it represented 0.78% of the nearly 2 million houses sold in America during the first quarter of 2023. That might not sound like a big number, but there are 3 million registered agents across the country, so Redfin is punching well above its weight.  Due to the absence of direct buying, Redfin's revenue crashed 45% in Q1 compared to the same quarter last year (as expected). But Redfin is now a much leaner, healthier business, and it expects to deliver positive non-GAAP earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) this year. That's primarily why investors have sent Redfin stock soaring in 2023, and it might just be getting warmed up.,;,; 2023-05-22 07:24:34]
[PCE data leads sharp gains, opportunities this week,;,; &amp;#x200B;    The short-term upward trend in US stocks has been confirmed, and the PCE in February was slightly lower than expected, leaving the market relieved about the inflation issue. CPI is likely to drop next month because a series of fears sparked by Silicon Valley banks will have spillover effects. Banks have already begun to tighten credit and lending, and consumers are also cutting back on spending.  Technical analysis $SPX It's still the target of 4,300 points, and there may be another wave of moderate pullback after that.  Stock holdings tracking:  Dude, Unity has had a good time today. The daily average is quickly ranked bullish. It was estimated that earnings reports would continue to rise before, reaching 40 would be the best. Google and Microsoft continue to be optimistic. Both teams have made a slight backlash this week, but they have also gained a foothold at the support level. Follow-up issues should not be significant. AMD has also reached the upper resistance line, but the demand for computing power generated by AI is estimated to allow the company to perform beyond expectations, so it will continue to hold it.  Opportunity:  There was no major movement after Bank of America rebounded 26, but on the technical side of last week's k and month k, This week is definitely a great opportunity!The potential return is around 10%, so I'll continue to rebound with Baugh.  At this price, Disney is also more suitable to buy mid-tier, announcing 7,000 layoffs to cut costs. The CEO of the company decided to focus on profitability this year, so performance is likely to be good. The main thing is that the current price is very cheap and technologically neutral.,;,; 2023-04-03 08:58:02]
[Daily U.S. Stock Market News Ticker (Monday, March 6),;,; &amp;#x200B;  Stock News  1. Tesla (TSLA.O) lowered the starting price of Model S/X in the U.S. Model S is now $89,990 (was $94,990), Model S Plaid is now $109,990 (was $114,990); Model X is now $99,990 (was $109,990), Model X Plaid is now $109,990 (was $119,990). 2.  2. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration: Tesla recalls 3,470 U.S. vehicles.  3. Apple's (AAPL.O) self-developed 5G baseband chip development codenamed Ibiza will use TSMC's (TSM.N) 3nm process, according to Taiwanese media reports.  4. Microsoft (MSFT.O) launched Kosmos-1, an all-purpose artificial intelligence model that can process text, audio, images and video like a human mind.  5. Poundland (PDD.O) cross-border e-commerce business will officially enter Australia and New Zealand on March 13.  6. David Herro, chief investment officer of Harris Associates' international equity business, has sold all of the firm's holdings in Credit Suisse (CS.N) Group, after being Credit Suisse's largest shareholder for many years.  7. AstraZeneca (AZN.O) announced that its anti-cancer drug Enhertu has shown clinically meaningful and durable efficacy in its DESTINY-PanTumor Phase 02 clinical trial in multiple advanced solid tumors expressing HER2.  8. Broadcom (AVGO.O) CEO Fuyang Chen: The company expects to benefit from the increasingly compelling AI chatbot boom.  9. UMC (UMC.N): Sales of NT$16.93 billion in February, down 18.6% year-over-year.  10. Honda Motor (HMC.N) said it temporarily suspended accepting new customer orders for its Japanese Civic models due to a shortage of semiconductors.  11. SoftBank Group's chip company ARM plans to raise at least $8 billion in a U.S. IPO this year.,;,; 2023-03-06 12:57:51]
[🍗 Most Important News from Today in the Stock Market (02/21/23),;,; ***Earnings:***  **Walmart ($WMT)**  * EPS of $1.71 vs $1.52 estimate * Rev of $164.05B vs $159.59B  **Home Depot ($HD)**  * EPS of $3.30 vs $3.28 estimate * Rev of $35.8B vs $35.92B estimate  **Medtronic ($MDT)**  * EPS of $1.30 vs $1.27 estimate * Rev of $7.73B vs $7.53B estimate  **Expeditors ($EXPD)**  * EPS of $1.38 vs $1.98 estimate * Rev of $3.44B vs $4.01B estimate  **Fluor Corp ($FLR)**  * EPS of $0.43 vs $0.47 estimate * Rev of $3.71B vs $3.80B estimate  **Dillards ($DDS)**  * EPS of $16.89 vs $16.61 estimate * Rev of $2.16B vs $2.15B estimate  **Coinbase ($COIN)**  * EPS of ($2.46) vs ($2.39) estimate * Rev of $629.11M vs 586.23M estimate  **Caesars Entertainment ($CZR)**  * EPS of ($0.70) vs ($0.17) estimate * Rev of $2.82B vs $2.80B estimate  **LA-Z-BOY ($LZB)**  * EPS of $0.91 vs $0.66 estimate * Rev of $572.72M vs $529.57M estimate  **Palo Alto ($PANW)**  * EPS of $1.05 vs $0.78 estimate * Rev of $1.7B vs $1.65B estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Ericsson ($ERIC)** to cut 1,400 jobs are orders slow * **Canopy Growth ($CGC)** stock trading lower on $150M registered direct offering * **Perrigo ($PRGO)** raises quarterly divdend by 5% to 27.30 cents a share * Existing home sales unexpectedly fall in January for 12th straight month * **General Mills ($GIS)** hikes guidance for 2023, expects double-digit revenue growth * **Microsoft ($MSFT)** inks **Nvidia ($NVDA)** game deal to assuage over Activision merger * **McKinsey** plans to eliminate 2,000 jobs in one of its biggest rounds of cuts,;,; 2023-02-21 21:40:05]
[new upcoming AI platform "freedom"?,;,; Im not advertising the platform, it's a question about the vibes I get from the platform.  Have anyone in here heard about this new AI platform?  At first glance it looks really nice, but when I dig down into the things, I get some bad vibes.  Wanted to hear if I'm the only one.  As you'll be able to see in the link that redirects you to a presentation for the platform on YouTube.    First off. The video is hidden, so only selected people can see it.  Then head office in Dubai (Tax Haven)  Development in Pakistan.  +50% ROI within a year  Then we come to Peoperstone.  From what I can see Pepperstone have had a data leak back in 2020.  They don't have a banking license.  They don't operate is a stock exchange.  They hide their financial information  They hide the owners.  It's a private owned company.  There's no protection for people outside UK and EU.  :  Microsoft Azure?  Freedom claims they use Azure as the main source for the AI. now I don't know much about Azure, so this is where I need some clarification, but to my knowledge, Datacentres don't have or offer that capacity or compatibility to operate an AI for trading?  :  Accounts:  +50% ROI? sounds way to good to be true.  :  Trust and transparency:  They claim Pepperstone will offer full transparency, but as mentioned before. Transparency is something that's very hard to come by from Pepperstone.  :  Dennis Rodhe = Current "businesses" are operated by him alone. No co-owners, no employees.   Holding company for Freedom is currently $15,000 positive in actives and $15,000 debt in passives. Dennis is sole proprietor for the Holding.  Other business is $71,000 positive in actives and $115,000 debt in passives. Also sole proprietor.,;,; 2023-03-18 20:37:52]
[Stock Market News from Today (03/07/2033),;,; &amp;#x200B;    ***Earnings***:  **Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS)**  * EPS of $2.93, beating $2.88 estimate * Rev of $3.60B, beating $3.45B estimate * Raises quarterly dividend to $1.00 from 48.75 Cents * Sees Fy 23 EPS of $12.9-$13.8 vs $11.96 estimate  **Ferguson (FERG)**  * EPS of $1.91, missing $2.96 estimate * Rev of $6.83B, missing $7.87B estimate  **Sea Limited (SE)**  * EPS of $0.72, beating ($0.79) estimate * Rev of $3.45B, beating $3.06B estimate  **Thor Industries (THO)**  * EPS of $0.50, missing $1.10 estimate * Rev of $2.35B, missing $2.49B estimate  **Squarespace (SQSP)**  * EPS of ($1.72), missing $0.25 estimate * Rev of $228.8M, beating $222M estimate  **Crowdstrike (CRWD)**  * EPS of $0.47, beating $0.43 estimate * Rev of $637.4M, beating $624.92M estimate * Sees FY23 EPS $2.23-$2.39 vs $1.50 estimate  **Maxeon Solar Technologies (MAXN)**  * EPS of ($1.84), missing ($1.27) estimate * Rev of $232.50M, missing $315.70M estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Salesforce (CRM)** follows Microsoft in launching A.I. tools for salespeople with help from OpenAI * **Visteon (VC)** board OKs $300 million share buyback program * Best Buy (BBY) will set up in-home hospital care through a new deal with Atrium Health**Meta (META)** climbs after reports of more layoffs * **Rivian (RIVN)** plans to sell $1.3 billion in bonds to shore up capital * U.S. sues to stop **JetBlue’s (JBLUE)** deal for **Spirit (SAVE)**, cites consumer harm  Today we also saw **Fed Chair Jerome Powell** deliver his semi-annual monetary policy report to U.S. lawmakers. Stocks soldoff today, as Fed Chair hints at more rate hikes with comments like:  * **Fed Chair Powel**l says interest rates are ‘likely to be higher’ than previously expected * **Powell** says **Fed** prepared to increase rate hike pace if needed  50BPs in March is now the expectation,;,; 2023-03-07 22:01:48]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 27, 2023),;,; On Friday, the US stock market saw a mixed performance with the three major indexes opening lower but eventually ending higher. The Dow Jones Industrial Average increased by 0.41%, the Nasdaq Composite rose by 0.31%, and the S&amp;P 500 went up by 0.56%. The yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond decreased to 1.515%, marking a difference of -40 basis points from the yield of the two-year Treasury bond. The VIX dropped by 3.85%, Brent crude oil declined by 0.81%, and the spot gold price has been on an uptrend since November 2022, closing down by 0.75% yesterday at $1,978.25 per ounce. The US dollar index remained in a downtrend, ending at 103.13.  In March, the Markit manufacturing PMI in the US recorded a preliminary value of 49.3, the highest since October 2022. The preliminary value of the services PMI was 53.8, the highest since April 2022. So far, there has been an encouraging recovery in economic growth in March, with business surveys showing output accelerating to the fastest pace since May of last year. The PMI data is broadly consistent with an annualized GDP growth rate of nearly 2%, depicting a more positive economic resilience picture compared to the second half of last year and early 2023 downturn. However, the economic recovery is uneven, mainly driven by the service sector. Although there has been a slight increase in manufacturing output, this mainly reflects the improvement in the supply chain, enabling companies to clear the backlog of orders accumulated during the demand surge after the epidemic. It is obvious that new orders for manufacturing have fallen for six consecutive months. Unless there is an improvement in demand, the space to maintain the current level of production growth seems small. Traders have further lowered their expectations of a Fed rate hike, with the possibility of a 25 basis point hike in May now completely ruled out.  German Chancellor Söder reassured that Deutsche Bank is profitable and there is no need to worry, as concerns rose in the market about its recent drop in stock prices and rise in CDS. Deutsche Bank plans to redeem its $1.5 billion Tier 2 capital notes due in 2028 on May 24, 2023, and has received all necessary regulatory approvals. The bank's five-year credit default swap (CDS) fell by 7 basis points from earlier on Friday to 208 basis points, the highest level since the end of 2018, according to S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence data.  **Trending Stocks**  [**Activision Blizzard(ATVI)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Activision Blizzard's stock price rose by 5.91%, and the UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has tentatively concluded that Microsoft's acquisition of Activision Blizzard will not lead to a reduction in competition in the console gaming market. The final report will be published before April 26th.  [**UBS Group AG(UBS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    UBS was down -0.94% last Friday and according to insiders, Swiss authorities and UBS are aiming to finalize their deal with Credit Suisse by the end of April. The U.S. Department of Justice is currently investigating allegations that financial professionals helped Russian oligarchs evade sanctions, and Credit Suisse and UBS are among the banks being probed.  [**ReNew Energy Global(RNW)**](  &amp;#x200B;    ReNew Energy Global saw a 22.1% increase in its share price in Friday’s trading after reports emerged that the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board is planning to take ReNew private. The Canada Pension Plan bought up $268 million worth of shares earlier this month, giving it a 51.6% stake in the company.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-27 11:48:12]
[Everything you need to know about GME's earnings today,;,; GameStop will be reporting earnings from the most recent quarter today, we're expecting a loss of $0.14 per share.  We all know what happened in 2021 with the short squeeze. In fact, there's a new movie called Dumb Money that's all about it. But this post isn't about that. It's about today's earnings and whether or not calls (or puts) are a good idea. The company has been losing money for years and needs a bullish catalyst to help it turnaround.  **Key Factors**  [GameStop in June fired its chief executive]( Matthew Furlong, an Amazon veteran who had been appointed [two years earlier]( The company in June also said its board had elected activist investor Ryan Cohen, the co-founder of online pet-supplies retailer Chewy, as executive chair.  The [press release]( announcing that move offered little detail. But GameStop, in a filing, said Cohen’s leadership would “further unlock long-term value creation for our stockholders.” The company said it appointed Mark Robinson as general manager and principal executive officer.  In July, GameStop said Chief Financial Officer Diana Saadeh-Jajeh would [resign on Aug. 11.]( Daniel Moore, it said then, would become interim principal financial officer.  Cohen’s influence over GameStop has grown since 2020. Under his guidance, the company [last year put a bigger focus on physical stores]( after stumbles in its e-commerce push.  “The videogame industry grew in [the second quarter], but a continuing digital mix shift likely impacted GameStop traffic,” [Wedbush analyst Michael Pachter]( said in a research note not too long ago. Pachter, in this note, said that growth in hardware, or things like consoles, for companies like Nintendo and Sony, as well as a “compelling” lineup for new games and other software, indicated potential good news for GameStop’s results during the second quarter. But he pointed to “underwhelming” hardware sales from Microsoft and said GameStop “appears to have lost market share in recent quarters,” adding that its collectibles business — which includes items like toys and trading cards — faces difficult comparisons. He also noted the threat from a broader migration toward digital, mobile and subscription gaming.  “There were notable new game releases such as Activision’s *Diablo IV* and Nintendo’s *The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom*, with the majority of sales likely occurring digitally,” Pachter said.  In Gamestop's [2022 annual report]( the company highlighted a plan to cut costs (especially in Europe), improve vendor relationships and penetrate higher margin markets like collectibles and toys.  Just as important as earnings is guidance, however the company has not provided this metric in recent quarters. Still, from my research I see that analysts believe that the company will report third-quarter revenue of $1.159 million — implying a YOY decline of 2.34% — and an adjusted EPS loss of 14 cents. For the full year of 2023, analysts expect $5.706 billion of revenue and an adjusted EPS loss of 26 cents.  This does suck for GME, unfortunately it's not looking very good for share holders. However, the popularity in DRS shares is rising. Retail shareholders have enthusiastically adopted the practice of using the Direct Registration System (DRS). For those who don't know, the DRS allows investors to hold their shares through the company's transfer agent, Computershare. It eliminates the need to entrust shares to a broker or to possess a physical stock certificate, as was customary in the past.  By contrast, when individuals allow brokers to hold their shares, they're kept under the brokerage's "street name," rather than the investor's name. Brokers may then loan these shares to short sellers, who require access to the stock of the companies they are betting against.  GameStop's DRS numbers are growing, last earning report, [they revealed that]( 76.6 million shares were held by registered owners through Computershare. This indicates that around 25% of GameStop's outstanding shares were in the transfer agent's custody as of June 1. It also represents an increase of approximately 600,000 shares from the previous quarter. GameStop is likely among the companies with the most outstanding shares registered with its transfer agent. Since October 2021, GameStop's management has considered this information "material" and has included it in the company's quarterly filings. However, this isn't indicative of a positive or negative earning report today. It just shows the "ape" mentality regarding GME.   For those who like to trade options, I'm going to get puts on GME. However, those who are holding shares, it's best to sell today before close. This is *not* financial advice tho.,;,; 2023-09-06 18:47:11]
[3 reasons to buy Shopify Stock ($SHOP),;,;    * **Shopify's platform is boosting engagement.** * **Watch for higher margins, despite pressures from a tilt toward payments processing.**  ## The platform will likely see stronger earnings growth over the next few years.  Investors found many good reasons to like Shopify ($SHOP) in recent weeks. The e-commerce platform specialist reported solid operating results to start fiscal 2023, and its earnings prospects have improved with its pivot away from the costly shipping-logistics business. Shares responded by soaring in the wake of management's early May earnings update.  Yet investors might still be facing sticker shock from Shopify's pricey valuation. Let's look at a few reasons shares seem like a good buy, even following the latest rally.  ## 1. Concrete results  Wall Street's attention focused on Shopify's strategic pivot away from the logistics business, mainly because this move is likely to accelerate the company's return to profitability. Executives admitted to overextending themselves on spending in 2022, and the sale of the logistics platform represents an aggressive shift toward a simpler, more efficient business.    But investors also have concrete reasons to be optimistic about Shopify's current growth trends. Sales volumes rose a healthy 18% through late March. The company saw strong demand for its subscription services, too, despite recent price increases.  ## 2. Improving cash outlook  Shopify is still booking losses, which remains a key concern for investors. Gross profit margin declined to 48% of sales from 53% of sales a year ago.   Most of this drop was powered by its growing payments-processing service, though, which isn't as profitable as its core services. Adjusted operating loss was 2% of revenue, compared to a 4% profit in the previous quarter.     Shopify's cash-flow trends are finally heading in the right direction. Management is calling for positive cash flow in each quarter of the new fiscal year, in fact, which would mark a big step back toward sustainable profitability. Operating expenses have now stabilized, chief financial officer Jeff Hoffmeister said in a conference call with investors. "This directly reflects our focus ... to drive increased productivity and efficiency," Hoffmeister said.  ## 3. Customer satisfaction  Shopify's ability to grow into its premium valuation will depend on the platform's success at deepening its relationship with a growing base of customers. It will face intense competition on this score from companies aiming to win merchants over.   But there are signs of enduring competitive advantages in Shopify's e-commerce platform. The company's "attach rate," which describes average merchant spending for a given level of sales volume, hit a record high in the first quarter. "Merchants continue to buy more and more solutions from us," Hoffmeister said.  Cautious investors have many reasons to wait when considering Shopify stock, including its current net losses and the stock's price-to-sales ratio of 13. Microsoft shares are valued at 11 times revenue, for context.  Yet growth-focused investors should consider keeping Shopify on their watch lists -- if not in their portfolios -- right now. The company is positioned for a return to profitability soon, and the platform has a shot at meaningfully adding to its current market share of around 10% of e-commerce volumes in the core U.S. market. A cloudy economic outlook for the next few quarters shouldn't scare investors away from what appears to be a very positive long-term growth story for Shopify.,;,; 2023-05-27 05:54:23]
[Daily U.S. Stock Market News Flash (Thursday, March 23),;,; Important Information  1. U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen said working with the Financial Stability Oversight Council to restore the ability to classify non-bank financial institutions as systemic financial institutions and subject them to regulation. Do not consider insuring all uninsured deposits.  **Individual Stock News**  1. Fitch downgraded First Republic Bank (FRC.N)'s long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) to "B" and said further downgrades are possible in the future.  2. Coinbase (COIN.O) received an informal alert from the SEC that it may have violated U.S. securities laws and may face charges.  **Super bearish**  3. Microsoft's (MSFT.O) Bing's global app downloads jumped 8x after integrating artificial intelligence, while Google search app downloads fell 2% in the same period, according to app research firm [Data.ai](  **Super favorable**  4. According to Electrek: Tesla (TSLA.O) expects to lose the full $7,500 tax credit for its cheapest electric car models (Model 3 and Model Y).  **Bad subsidies are less**  5. Ford Motor (F.N): expects losses at its electric vehicle unit to surge to $3 billion in 2023. the unit loses $2.1 billion in 2022 and $900 million in 2021.  **Annual growth in losses**  6. people familiar with the matter said Apple (AAPL.O) plans to invest $1 billion a year in the production of theatrical films, has discussed with the film company to cooperate in the distribution of several films in theaters this year.  **Steps taken at random, careful to pull the egg**  7. Hindenburg says it is shorting Block (SQ.N), saying it grossly exaggerates the true number of users and underestimates the cost of customer acquisition.  **That's right.**  8. Accenture (ACN.N) FY2023 Q2 revenue of $15.8 billion beat estimates, net income of $1.55 billion; raised FY2023 EPS estimates to $10.84-$11.06; expects to lay off 19,000 employees in the next 18 months.  **Can make money as well as save money**  9. Boeing (BA.N) confirmed Japanese airline JAL's order for 21 fuel-efficient 737-8s, which JAL plans to introduce into its fleet starting in 2026.  **It's too far.**  10. Intel (INTC.O) said it continues to work to complete its acquisition of Israeli chipmaker Tower within the first quarter, but the deal could close in the first half of 2023 due to compliance with certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.  **Trouble, but can complement itself.**  11. Qatari royalty and British billionaire Jim Ratcliffe sought to extend his bid for Manchester United (MANU.N).  **The price was not negotiated**  12. TSMC (TSM.N) revenue growth this year is expected to be roughly the same as last year, but 5/4nm chip sales will increase by NT$100 billion, industry sources said.  **Offbeat. Rumor.**,;,; 2023-03-23 12:59:09]
[Nvidia CTO: Cryptocurrency has little value, AI is the future!,;,; Cryptocurrency mining demand has driven [Nvidia]( GPU chip sales. However, Michael Kagan, [Nvidia]( chief technology officer, sent a different signal in a recent interview.  &amp;#x200B;    Kagan points out that cryptocurrency miners buy a lot of [Nvidia]( hardware, but cryptocurrencies don't add anything useful to society, which is why the crypto market has crashed so often recently.  By contrast, he prefers AI (artificial intelligence) because it is good for society. Artificial intelligence allows individuals to create custom programs to meet different needs. But the high-frequency trading of cryptocurrencies doesn't actually mean anything to humans.  He therefore suggests that the same processor chips used to mine cryptocurrencies be used to create chatbots, such as ChatGPT, that add more value to society.  **Cryptocurrency mania fades**  GPUs are a great tool for cryptocurrency mining. During the crypto boom of 2020 and 2021, "miners" snapped up Nvidia GPUs in a frenzy. The price of GPUs had been on an upward trend due to higher demand.  &amp;#x200B;    That has also helped drive solid growth in Nvidia's GPU business. But that didn't last long. With cryptocurrency prices plummeting at a rapid rate, miners' profits were falling, and Nvidia's GPU business slowed.  According to Jon Peddie Research, Nvidia, Intel and AMD shipped 6.9 million individual GPUs in the third quarter of 2022, down 42% from the same period in 2021 and the lowest number of units shipped since the report began.  Nvidia, meanwhile, reported a 17% year-over-year drop in revenue and a 72% year-over-year drop in net income in the third quarter, with gaming graphics and visualization revenues down more than 50%. By Nvidia's own account, declining GPU sales are a big part of the reason.  **AI takes over**  Kagan points out that the failure of cryptocurrencies is not surprising. He pointed out that, apart from speculation, the crypto industry doesn't have any real-world examples.  Not so with artificial intelligence. He points out that since ChatGPT was released, AI has been front and center, and more and more application scenarios have been developed.  [Nvidia]( CEO Jen-Hsun Huang is also betting big on AI. He said the emergence of new chatbots such as ChatGPT was an "iPhone moment" in artificial intelligence. He expects artificial intelligence to flourish and lead Nvidia to high sales and high growth again.  &amp;#x200B;    [Nvidia]( has indeed made a foray into AI, recently unveiling a cloud-based AI supercomputer that users can access through a desktop browser. Currently, services like [Microsoft]( Azure platform and Google's Cloud are built on top of Nvidia's hardware supply.  More market insight on [ 2023-03-28 11:42:10]
[Dr. Techy| Why are so many Apple executives leaving? Tim Cook’s new headache,;,; *You would be surprised to know that over the last few months, Apple* *has lost about a dozen high-ranking executives.*  &amp;#x200B;    Apple, known for its stability among its management officers, is eyeing an unprecedented wave of executive departures, signaling internal risks amid slowed growth and innovation shortage. Since the latter half of 2022, Apple has lost 11 high-ranking executives. Most of these people carried the title of vice president, which is a position directly under senior vice presidents that reports to the company’s CEO Tim Cook.   The majority of these departures were Apple veterans, mostly vice presidents in charge of industrial design, online retail, information system, cloud, hardware and software engineering, security, and procurement.  &amp;#x200B;    Source: Bloomberg  Yes, it’s a cross-department turnover in its VP ranks, as the chart shows. In addition, the lower ranks could be ready for turnover as well. People within Apple believe that some executives at the director and senior director levels (the two management tiers directly below vice president) also are considering stepping down in the not-too-distant future.   **So, what are reasons for Apple’s reshuffle?**  Some of the VPs left Apple for **retirement** since they’ve been there for decades. But the accelerated departures must have been motivated by factors that go beyond retirement. The reasons are mainly as follows:  First, the growing **burden** of responsibilities placed on managers and little hope of stepping upstairs result in turnover.   Second, the company has grown more **bureaucratic** over the years, especially when it comes to product development.   Third, **internal politics and cross-department disputes** make it more challenging to navigate.  Last but not least, **resources** have been prioritized to longer-term projects, some of which may take years to be completed. Some managers were probably upset about losing people to initiatives like the [mixed-reality group]( and [self-driving vehicle team](  &amp;#x200B;    And, it’s always about the **money**, ranking among the top reasons for leaving a job. After making significant increases for three years, Apple's stock dropped by roughly 30% last year. It affects the compensation of everyone at the company. Even Cook has suffered on that front as well. Apple shareholders approved on Friday to accept a new pay plan that included a 40% cut.  **In conclusion**, a profound internal turnover may be unavoidable at a time when Apple's veterans are leaving, growth is slowing, and products are no longer flashing.  In any case, talent recruiting will always be a priority for the innovation-driven company, especially in the backdrop of fierce competition in the metaverse, electric vehicles, and the buzzing artificial intelligence these days.  &amp;#x200B;    New bloods both in higher and lower executive ranks may be a revolution from the inside out for Apple. Microsoft, Intel and other tech giants have seen CEOs come and go in the past few years and their new businesses and changes polish the big names.  Talent is never the only headache for Apple and Tim Cook. Anyway, how Apple navigates its way through challenges in products, technology, and supply chain is always in the spotlight.  View more market insight on [ainvest.com]( 2023-03-14 09:31:16]
[Google Stock - Is It Time to Buy the Dip? ($GOOGL, $GOOG),;,; Google stock has been challenged since the launch of OpenAI’s phenomenal chatbot product ChatGPT. Moreover, after Microsoft’s announcement of investment of 10 billion in OpenAI, they are also going to integrate ChatGPT into their New Bing search engine (getting there before Google). Following that, Google also released their ChatGPT alternatives AI demo, which is a disaster showing the product is not ready yet, Google stock price dropped 12% after the event.  &amp;#x200B;    *(Source:* [*Chartr*](  Why ChatGPT brings threat to Google?  The essence of search engine is Information retrieval, crawling the web and pull data from a static data set, and creating an index of it. As there are tons of information nowadays comparing with 25 years ago when Google was just founded, the problem of this information is there are too much search results for end users. Probably a million search result came out from a random search, and the problem nowadays is users don’t have time to read all. As an alternative, Chatbot gives limited answer or answers to users, seems more efficient ways to display information (a specific answer rather than a list). As users become more lazy to search (human nature), Chatbot maybe a new way to acquire information.  Another advantage of ChatGPT over Google is it has context. Since ChatGPT is a Chatbot which purpose is to continue the conversation as long as possible, through the conversation with the user, the Chatbot will understand better about user’s questions and thus would give more relevant answers.  Bullish points of Google Stock:  1. Facing the external threat from ChatGPT, Google still has its business moat. From human-computer interaction perspective, sometimes users are looking for different formats of data rather than a specific answer. For example, if I want to buy a flight ticket from New York to LA, I would like to see a matrix of results display to compare – flight schedule, length and price, rather than one specific answer. For another user scenario, if I was searching for a products, I would like to know pros and cons of the product, rather than one-side answer. 2. The second bullish point if Google’s strong business model makes it generate so much cash that it could accomplish any project if they are willing to put resources into it. Google makes $3 per click, about 3% click-through-rate on ads (5 cents per search on average). The cost per search is 2.5 cents on average, so the profit margin of search is around 50%. On the other hand, ChatGPT cost 30 cents per computing result, which is much higher cost than Google’s search engine model. From business cost perspective, For Google they need $8-20 billion a quarter just to run search results and display them, so for ChatGPT, they would need $80 billion to run from a cost perspective. Google’s strong business model and cash generating power of \~$100 Billion EBITDA per year would definitely has better advantage than OpenAI for now. 3. Also as one of the best tech companies in the world, Google’s AI technology probably could also enable it catch up in the AI war. Since bought DeepMind in 2014, Google has used AI for internal solution, improved data center efficiency by 40%, improved ad recommendations and YouTube watch hours and revenue, enabled auto-fill in Gmail and doc and many other usage scenarios.  Bearish points of Google:  1. Revenue source too concentrated on search (from paid ads), around 90%. If in the future, Chatbot become the mains stream method people retrieve information, Google’s traffic volume would be much less. That means advertisers would pay less for search ads and Google’s profitability would be largely affected.  &amp;#x200B;    *(Source: visualcapitalist.com)*  2.  As Google’s core business is based on the search engine, the disruption of rising Chatbot may affect the traffic of search engine. There are some limitations of search engine, like it could not understand context, if users search a specific query and put too detailed keywords in the search engine, it would not be searchable. In this scenario, Chatbot could be able to understand detailed meaning through the conversation of the user and then able to give better solutions.  As for valuation, currently Morningstar analyst gives fair value of $154, and the current price $105 shows $GOOGL stock is undervalued at 29% discount. The safer entry point would be below $92.4. Although Google’s search main business is disrupted by the new AI Chatbot, given its wide economic moat and exemplary capital allocation, I think it would be a good timing to buy the dip with appropriate capital allocation based on individual investors’ risk tolerance.  &amp;#x200B;   2023-04-17 15:03:41]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 13, 2023),;,; On last Friday, by the end of trading, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 1.07%, the Nasdaq Composite was down 1.76%, and the S&amp;P 500 was down 1.45%.  The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note was down by 5.196% to close at 3.704%, with a spread of -89 basis points compared to the 2-year Treasury note yield. The VIX index was up by 9.69%, Brent crude oil was up by 1.5%, and spot gold continued to rise, reaching its highest point since November 2022 and closing up 1.97% at $1867.04 per ounce. The U.S. dollar index remained at a high level but continued to fall, closing at 104.65.  In summary, while the US has experienced a prolonged period of better-than-expected job growth, the unemployment rate has increased and wage growth has slowed down. The labor force participation rate, however, has reached its highest level since March 2020. As the Federal Reserve considers whether to accelerate its rate hike pace, the report may provide mixed signals. The futures market has already priced in a 25 basis point rate cut by the end of this year, and the probability of a 50 basis point hike in March has dropped below 50%.   **Trending Stocks**  [**RLX Technology(RLX)**](  &amp;#x200B;    RLX Technology, up 15.07%, despite its recent increase in stock price, has experienced a significant decline in revenue and net profit in 2022, especially in Q4. Its net loss of 228 million yuan in Q4 was in stark contrast to its previous profit, indicating a challenging financial situation. The company's full-year revenue and net profit also showed a significant decline, demonstrating the tough market conditions it faced in 2022.  [**Oracle(ORCL)**](  &amp;#x200B;    The stock price of Oracle Corporation was down by 3.22%. Despite an 18% increase in revenue for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the same period last year, the company's net profit declined by 18%. However, the company announced that it is increasing its quarterly cash dividend by 25%, to $0.4 per share.  [**Gap(GPS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    GPS stocks was down by 6.13% as the company's net sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 were $4.24 billion, which was lower than the market's expectations. The company expects a moderate single-digit percentage decline in net sales for the first quarter of 2023 and plans to reduce costs by $300 million through measures such as delaying management decisions.  [**Docusigh(DOCU)**](  &amp;#x200B;    DocuSign was down by 22.85% after the company reported better-than-expected Q4 revenue of $660 million and a net profit of $4.86 million, a turnaround from the same period last year when it recorded a loss.  **Opportunities**  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  .  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.  View more on [ 2023-03-13 08:07:44]
[Magnificent 7 and friends contributed 75% of S&amp;P 500 gains,;,; = just copy and paste for sharing, some charts are missing =  &amp;#x200B;  The 10 days that moved the stock market the most in 2023  [  &amp;#x200B;  The U.S. stock market was heading into year-end with a head of steam, pushing the S&amp;P 500 index ever closer to record territory. In a look back at 2023, data provider FactSet took a look at the biggest daily market moves in both directions.  &amp;#x200B;  It’s an interesting rundown, with the biggest moves attributed to the performance of megacap tech stocks, a spring bout of banking turbulence and, of course, the Federal Reserve’s inflation battle, noted FactSet’s Torstein Jakobsen, in a blog post.  &amp;#x200B;  The 10 top performing days for the S&amp;P 500 SPX contributed to an aggregate increase of 18.35% for the index, while the bottom 10 days accounted for a collective decrease of 16.2%.  &amp;#x200B;  The S&amp;P 500 was up 24.4% for the year to date through Tuesday’s close, ending less than 0.5% away from its Jan. 3, 2022, record finish. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA has gained 13.3% in 2024, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite COMP has soared 44%.  &amp;#x200B;  Through Dec. 22, the S&amp;P 500 saw 132 positive days and 113 negative. Meanwhile, the market was more calm in 2023, with just 63 trading days posting a price swing of more than 1% through Dec. 20, not far off the 10-year average of 59. Last year, with the S&amp;P 500 sliding more than 19%, the index saw 122 trading days with moves up or down of more than 1%.  &amp;#x200B;  Interestingly, the two biggest moves came early and within about six weeks of each other. The S&amp;P 500 soared 2.28% on Jan. 6, after December jobs data offered signs that the Federal Reserve’s rate hikes were effectively cooling the economy without triggering a recession, Jakobsen said.  &amp;#x200B;  That didn’t mean interest rate-hike worries were vanquished. The S&amp;P 500 fell 2% on Feb. 21, marking its worst performance of the year, largely due to apprehensions about further interest-rate increases, Jakobsen wrote.  &amp;#x200B;  Fed policy and inflation concerns remained central to market sentiment throughout the year, influencing six out of the 12 most volatile days, FactSet found.  &amp;#x200B;  Year-over-year inflation, as measured by the consumer price index, fell from a 9.1% peak last year to 6.4% by January 2023, and down to 3.2% by October. That allowed the Fed to slow the pace of rate hikes, delivering four, quarter-point increaes in 2023 and pausing after July.  &amp;#x200B;  The strategy “indicates the Fed’s measured approach in moderating policy to stabilize the economy while mitigating market disruption,” Jakobsen said.  &amp;#x200B;  The second worst performing day of the year came on March 9 when the S&amp;P 500 endured a significant sell-off, declining by 1.85%. This downturn was largely attributed to growing concerns over the value of U.S. banks’ bond portfolios, exacerbated by SVB Financial Group’s announcement of a $1.75 billion common equity and $500 million convertible preferred offering.  &amp;#x200B;  SVB soon collapsed, sparking what some termed a “mini” banking crisis, exacerbated by the collapse of Swiss banking giant Credit Suisse, sparked fears of an immediate credit crunch that could send the economy into recession. Fears that were soon seen as overblown.  &amp;#x200B;  Of course, no discussion of 2023 is complete without a look at the extremely lopsided performance of the market, characterized by the so-called Magnificent 7 megacap tech stocks — Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.78%  , Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.47%,  [Amazon.com]( Inc. AMZN, 0.16%,  Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.16%,  Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -1.07% GOOGL, -1.01%,  Tesla Inc. TSLA, 1.97%,  and Meta Platforms Inc.  META, 0.56%.  &amp;#x200B;  See: The Magnificent 7 dominated 2023. Will the rest of the stock market soar in 2024?  &amp;#x200B;  Despite a broadening of the rally at year-end, the biggest names have accounted for a remarkable chunk of the rally, leaving much of the market behind.  &amp;#x200B;  The S&amp;P 500 saw its third-largest move of the year on April 27, climbing 1.96% after a round of robust earnings from big tech companies. Meta led the rally, surging 14% following its earnings that exceeded expectations, further helped by its strategic investments in artificial intelligence, Jakobsen noted.  &amp;#x200B;  In the chart below, FactSet takes a look at a slightly broader top 10 contributors, which includes both classes of Alphabet stock, Broadcom Inc. AVGO, 0.11% and Eli Lilly &amp; Co. LLY, 0.83%, showing their weight in the performance is extraordinarily high:  &amp;#x200B;  The top 10 accounted for 75% of the S&amp;P 500’s weighted average return, well above the 39% average from 2014 to 2022, Jakobsen noted.  &amp;#x200B;  Nvidia with a rise of 229%, has been the standout, contributing 2.77% to the S&amp;P 500’s overall return, he wrote, with the company’s success attributed largely to its data centers business, which benefited from demand for advanced artificial-intelligence infrastructure.,;,; 2023-12-27 15:52:27]
[Investment plan for about 85 000$ USD over the coming year,;,; So I have been reading up on investing for a while now, painfully missing the amazing opportunity to buy last year. I want you to criticize, and help improve, my plan for entering my assets into stocks and ETFs over the coming year to two years.  I very strongly believe that AI will be even more transformative for society than what most expect, and will have greater implications for the overall economy than most think. I think that even buying tech related stocks, or for instance an ETF following the NASDAQ right now, near ATH, will almost definitely be a solid investment by 2030.  However I am also a bit unsure about the more short-medium term market and it would feel really bad to miss yet another great market for buying. I think I will keep a significant portion of my money outside the market for now.  I should also mention my country of residency is Norway so this has some implications for choices.  The plan:-Buy 100 shares of LYMS (**European UCITS ETF following NASDAQ** \- I think this will be better than QQQM long term due to tax benefits unique to holding European shares and funds in Norway) (Done)-Buy around 2 500 $ worth of **Norwegian dividend stocks** (Done)-Buy shares in **AMD** for 1 000 - 2 000 $ (I think they have a very good shot at taking AI processor market shares from Nvidia, and honestly I think I might even favor them over Nvidia in the long rund, though this is just a hunch from how good they are at developing efficient GPUs)-Buy shares in **Alphabet** ABEA for 1 000 - 2 000 $ (I think Alphabet's DeepMind is further ahead of the curve when it comes to AI than has been fully let on by now)-Buy shares sin **Tesla Corp** TL0 for 1 000 - 2 000 $ (I think Tesla is a solid company that will benefit both from increasing electrification of the carpool and increased potential of AI - will probably be significantly higher valued in 2030)-Buy shares in **TSMC** TSM (Only one I will not buy in the European market, but I think their incredibly dominant position in semiconductor manufacturing will make this stock really really valueable over the next 10 years unless China invades Taiwan, which I think is a bit further into the future than that, although possible)-Move the remaining 400 000 - 580 000 $ to **bank account** I just opened with the highest interest rate offered in the Norwegian market (Have cash at hand if the market should go down in the relatively near future so I can actually benefit from it next time)  Some possible additions right now:-Considering Invesco **S&amp;P 500 UCITS ETF** Acc P500 (Follows the S&amp;P 500 - with a soft landing seeming plausible and a land war raging in Europe, and Europe being further off getting its inflation under control, I think this might be a solid investment as confidence in, and the performance of, the US economy rises)-Considering Franklin FTSE **China UCITS ETF** FLXC (Low cost ETF, broadens exposure, positions me to benefit if confidence in Chinese stocks rises - if the market becomes less afraid of Chinese government intervention this one will be severely undervalued. At the same time I don't want to buy specific Chinese stocks precisely because of said intervention)-Considering Franklin FTSE **India UCITS ETF** FLXI (Low cost ETF, broadens exposure, the Indian economy seems to be consistently experiencing solid growth and might be a pretty good long term investment)-Considering **Apple** APC (I think the price will probably be lower at some point within the next two years, but Apple is still a really solid company that probably will be valued significantly higher than today eventually)-Considering **Microsoft** MSF, **Meta** FB2A (Big tech companies that might stand to gain from AI without being completely reliant on it either)-Considering **Amazon** (Further from full price recovery than other tech companies, stands to gain massively if US economic activity and confidence rises, though as I expect interest rates to remain high might take some time)-**Berkshire Hathaway Class B** BRYN (They seem to know what they are doing, better inherent diversification than most of the other stocks here)-Considering **Palantir** PTX (So I can sell it when Reddit speculation leads it to new heights)-Considered **Nvidia** (FOMO)-Considered **IBM** and **Intel** as competitors to Nvidia and AMD, but upon looking into it I see AMD as the only real competitor to Nvidia for now. I don't think IBM is a terrible buy, I am not convinced Intel will be more valueable long term)  So what do you think - is my plan good? Should I buy any of the stocks I am considering? Should I drop some of the stocks I am currently planning to buy? Should I keep more or less money in reserve? Am I wrong about some of the companies?  Give me your reasons and tell my why I am wrong so I can make better decisions! :),;,; 2023-07-17 13:28:09]
[Top Tech stocks to consider: Unlocking high potential investments for Tech enthusiasts,;,; ## A combination of recent performance, future opportunities, and attractive valuations makes these stocks compelling right now.  Despite the recent sell-off of tech stocks, this sector is still a favourite among investors -- and for good reason. Technology companies are fun and exciting to learn about and follow, and many of their products are consumer-facing favourites of many investors.  In the current higher-interest-rate environment, the price paid for stocks matters more than it has in recent history. With that in mind, there are some stocks that are still trading for reasonable or cheap valuations that present attractive buying opportunities right now. Let's take a look at three of those stocks to see what makes them great buys.  ## PayPal  For many years, the story of **PayPal** **(PYPL** **1.43%)** was one of expansion, with revenue growth averaging around 17% each quarter. More recently, management decided to prioritize increasing the activity of its existing customers. The recent results show that this may have been a wise decision.  One example is how much more valuable each account has become to PayPal's bottom line. In the first quarter of 2023, active accounts remained relatively stable year over year, while transactions per active account have increased by 13%. This is proof that the focus on driving higher activity levels on existing accounts is paying off.  ## DigitalOcean  The leaders in cloud infrastructure are household names. **Amazon** Web Services (AWS), **Alphabet**'s Google Cloud, and **Microsoft**'s Azure are the clear leaders in the space. However, smaller upstart **DigitalOcean** (**DOCN** **4.99%)** is not only holding its own, but it's also growing faster than its tech giant competitors.   DigitalOcean caters to small and medium-sized businesses by offering affordable and transparent pricing as well as substantial customer support. This strategy has been paying off. In Q1 2023, DigitalOcean grew its revenue by 30% year over year, outpacing its competition. For comparison, AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure increased by 16%, 28%, and 27%, respectively.  DigitalOcean is also growing its largest customers even more rapidly than its revenue. Customers that spend more than $50 per month, called "builders and scalers," increased by 43% year over year. These customers now represent 86% of total revenue. This is an important metric to keep an eye on as it is an indicator of how DigitalOcean is able to continue to serve its customers as they grow and scale.  The company has only been on the public markets for a few years, but it's currently trading for valuation multiples below its historical average and not far from its all-time lows.  ## Endava  **Endava** (**DAVA** **2.53%)** may not be a household name for investors, but it should be. This IT consulting company has been putting up impressive numbers despite the fact that its stock is down 34% year to date and down 70% from its late 2021 high.  Third-quarter 2023 results, which represent the quarter ending in March, were impressive with revenue and earnings per share increasing by 20% year over year. Endava is also consistently cash flow positive, and it generated a 10% free cash flow margin for the quarter.   Endava has been growing its roster of large customers impressively. The number of clients spending more than 1 million British pounds ($1.24 million) in revenue reached 155 in Q3, an increase of 31% year over year. The overall customer base is also becoming more diversified. Endava's top-10 clients represented 33% of total revenue in Q3, down from 35% in the year-ago quarter.  The stock took a hit after earnings, mostly due to the fact that the company lowered its fiscal 2023 guidance. However, management thinks that slowing revenue from the private equity part of its customer base is a temporary pause due to the fallout relating to the Silicon Valley Bank collapse in March.  Endava trades for three times sales and 25 times earnings, both of which are near all-time lows. With strong results even in the face of some important customers' short-term challenges, the current valuation is compelling for this quickly growing business.,;,; 2023-05-30 10:29:38]
[Unity Software Analysis_2 Comparison,;,;    [ Product scores ](  **Product**  To get a clearer picture of Unity's product market position, I search some software scores from G2 to make a comparison. This kind of data is not easy to find and I found the sample size is small, so maybe this comparison has bias.   I compared some 3D content creation software with Unity, and Unity ranks 3rd in Total Score and first in Star Rating, similar to Unreal and lower than Blender. From the user scale, Unity, Blender, and 3ds Max are used by more users, and Unity has the largest user feedback compared with other software. I think Unity's software quality and useful functions are similar to main create software, like Blender and Unreal, and Unity has a large user scale as its success in mobile game developers. Currently, mobile device sales are slowing down, and mobile games still have the highest growth in the video game industry, I think Unity has a good foundation and needs to do more to attract developers for the next success. (I attached the functions score for reference.)  &amp;#x200B;  [ Product functions ](  Moving to financial, most of Unity's competitors are not listed on the public market, so it's hard to find financial data to make a comparison. Because Unity's main business is 2D&amp;3D content creation software and ad platform for apps, so I chose some listed companies with similar businesses to compare their financial data. The competitors I selected are Adobe, AppLovin, and Autodesk.  &amp;#x200B;  [ Revenue and EPS Growth ](  **Growth**  Unity performed well in growth compared with its competitors, revenue growth is much higher than Adobe and Autodesk, and net profit is negative but continuing to improve. The App ad platform competitor AppLovin's growth is better than Unity's, but its net profit growth has been unstable and stuck.   I think Unity's growth is not very impressive as its financially meaningless expansion on game service did not contribute to the growth and made Unity still in negative profit. Create software and ad platforms was a good combination that could generate cash flow to support growth. I look forward to seeing a better combination of those two sectors after their reorganization. I believe this is beneficial for Unity's valuation.  &amp;#x200B;  [ Margins ](  **Profitability**  Unity has the worst margins compared with its competitors. Create software has higher margins than ad platforms, but needs high-quality users with spending power and willingness. Unity's more than half of revenue comes from ad services, so its gross margin is similar to AppLovin and much lower than Autodesk and Adobe. As CAD software and productivity software providers, Adobe and Autodesk have more solid quality customers than Unity, and most users of Unity software do not spend on its platform. Unity needs to focus on the core create functions, not un-profitable plug tools, and keep them advanced, which can help improve its value for big clients who may spend more on the platform. Second, Unity must generate more cash flow from the ad platform, I think this is an achievable goal for Unity.  Considering Unity's core product portfolio, I still believe Unity has more growth and profitability potential than AppLovin in the future.  &amp;#x200B;  [ Cash conversion cycle ](  **Turnover**  I think all four companies are good at cash management. They all have negative cash conversion cycles with stable operating cash flow generation. From the data, I believe Unity has more advantages in the game app ad industry as it has a much negative number of cash conversions. This is impressive and gives Unity enough money to run its business and can use investors' money to invest in expansion. Of course, if this investment has good returns.  &amp;#x200B;  [ Investment returns and cost ](  **Return**  Unity is the riskiest compared to its competitors as it has the highest WACC and still has high losses. AppLovin is not good too as all returns do not exceed its WACC, which means AppLovin still does not generate enough margins to cover its investment cost. Considering there is a possibility of the high-interest period persisting longer, I think it is time for Unity to try hard to realize a better combination of growth and profitability. Maybe the current failure of strategy and management change provides an opportunity for Unity to re-focus on core value, and invest in AR, AIGC, and ad platforms that can meet customers' demand and create more value for them.  &amp;#x200B;  [ Capital structure and insolvency risk ](  **Capital Structure**  Unity may have not as much insolvency risk as it looks like. Unity has a lower financial leverage compared with AppLovin and Autodesk and the highest quick ratio. I think Unity's capital structure is still solid because of its strong cash position, no interest burden, high cash conversion cycle, and positive free cash flow achieved.  &amp;#x200B;  [ Valuation multiples ](  **Valuation**  Because Unity still does not have profit, I selected EV/Revenue and PB ratio for comparison. After the price crashed, Unity's current valuation is more reasonable compared with its history, and better than its competitors. Unity's multiple is still much higher than the software industry medium line. From the data shown, I think Unity's current price is fair compared with peers with many growth catalysts this year.   &amp;#x200B;  **Conclusion**  I believe Unity is not a great software investment target because it has low-quality and unstable customers compared with other software companies like Adobe, Salesforce, and Microsoft. But if I want to choose a software company in the gaming sector to carry the video game growth opportunities, I think Unity is a special one with its combined product portfolio, which can create value for game developers and potentially compete with software providers in other industries, like Autodesk. Unity faces stronger competition in the future, but it has a high advantage foundation and many catalysts like re-organization, product re-focus, expense cutting, and positive free cash flow this year. I think it is an opportunity at the current price to consider.,;,; 2024-01-18 06:33:19]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 24, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indices was up and was down. At the close, the Dow was up 0.23%, the Nasdaq was up 1.01%, and the S&amp;P was up 0.3%.  The yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond was down 0.233% to close at 3.432%, a difference of -41 basis points compared to the yield on the two-year bond. The VIX was up 1.57%, Brent crude oil was down 0.49%, spot gold has continued to rise since November 2022, rising 1.19% yesterday to $1993.21 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high level, closing at 102.61.  US Treasury Secretary Yellen’s new testimony at the hearing: ready to take more deposit action “when necessary”. This statement reversed the downturn in the US stock market at the end of the day. The US Securities and Exchange Commission issued an investor alert, urging caution in the area of ​​cryptocurrency securities. According to the Investment Company Institute (ICI): In the week ending March 22, the US money market attracted $117.4 billion in fund inflows. The size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet increased by another $100 billion to $8.78 trillion, with a decrease in the size of its discount window and an increase in the size of new tools. Data from US federal funds rate futures shows that the probability of a 25 bps rate hike by the Fed in May has dropped to 33%, with an expected interest rate of 3.96% at the end of the year.  **Trending Stocks**  [**Block(SQ)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Block was down 14.82% after Hindenburg released a short report on the company. The report indicates that Block has greatly exaggerated its true number of users and underestimated its customer acquisition costs. In response to the inaccurate short report, Block stated that it intends to cooperate with the US Securities and Exchange Commission to explore the possibility of taking legal action against Hindenburg.  [**Coinbase Global, Inc(COIN)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Coinbase was down 14.05% after receiving an informal notice from the US Securities and Exchange Commission indicating that it may have violated US securities laws and could face charges.  [**Accenture PLC(ACN)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Accenture was up 7.26%, with FY23Q2 revenue of $15.8 billion exceeding expectations and net profit of $1.55 billion; raised its EPS forecast for the 2023 fiscal year to $10.84-11.06; expects to lay off 19,000 people in the next 18 months.  [**Intel(INTC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Intel was up 3.2% and said it is continuing to work to complete the acquisition of Israeli chipmaker Tower in the first quarter, but the transaction may be completed in 23H1 due to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-24 09:10:14]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 21, 2023),;,; On Monday, the three major U.S. stock indexes fluctuated upwards. At the close, Dow Jones was up 1.2%, the Nasdaq 100 was up 0.39%, and the S&amp;P 50 was up 0.89%.  The U.S. 10-year Treasury yield rose 1.395% to close at 3.488%, -50 bps worse than the 2-year yield. The panic index VIX fell 5.33%, Brent crude oil closed up 1.76%, and spot gold closing down 0.39% yesterday at $1978.8 per ounce. The dollar index continued to fall from its high level, closing at 103.29.  Goldman Sachs said that due to pressure on the banking system, the Federal Reserve is not expected to raise interest rates this week. JP Morgan’s chief economist Bruce Kasman expects the Fed to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on Wednesday. It is reported that the Group of Seven countries are unlikely to revise the price cap on Russian oil this week, although there is preliminary evidence that crude oil sales are well below the current $60 threshold. Goldman Sachs lowered its forecast for Brent crude oil to $94/barrel for the next 12 months and to $97/barrel for the second half of 2024 (compared to previous forecasts of $100/barrel).  **Trending Stocks**  [**Credit Suisse (CS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Credit Suisse stock was down 52.99% after UBS agreed to acquire Credit Suisse for $3.2 billion and agreed to take losses of up to $5.4 billion, and the Swiss National Bank will provide 100 billion Swiss francs in liquidity assistance to the combined bank. Standard &amp; Poor's downgraded UBS 'outlook to "negative" from "stable" with an "A-" rating.  [**First Republic Bank (FRC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    First Republic Bank was down 47.11% after it was downgraded again by the rating agency on Sunday, days after its rating was downgraded to junk by S&amp;P Global. Standard &amp; Poor's announced that it will downgrade the bank's long-term issuer credit rating to B + from BB +. In explaining its action on Sunday, S&amp;P said that First Republic's rating "remains on the negative watch list, indicating that if the bank cannot make some progress in stabilizing deposits and restoring the franchise value that may have been damaged in our view, we may further downgrade the rating." Elsewhere, JP Morgan advising First Republic Bank on strategic alternatives, including a capital raise. A sale of the bank is also a possibility.  [**Applied Materials (AMAT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Applied Materials was up 5.84% last week while our magic portfolio has picked the stock last Monday and sell it this Monday. Applied Materials said on Mar 13 that it plans to boost its quarterly dividend to 32 cents a share from 26 cents, an increase of 23%. It also announces the new $10 Billion Share Repurchase program at the same time. Last week is an extremely volatile trading week; however, AMAT held up very well. It is in the Large Cap &amp; Blend Style portfolio under the Magic Portfolio. Click for much more opportunities in the Magic Portfolio like AMAT.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-21 10:58:47]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 14, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indices opened low and closed high. The KBW Bank Index was down more than 11%, while the Nasdaq China Golden Dragon Index was up 1.1%. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down by 0.28%, the Nasdaq Composite was up by 0.45%, and the S&amp;P 500 was down by 0.15%.  The yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond was down by 4.347% to close at 3.543%, with a spread of -44 basis points compared to the yield on the 2-year Treasury bond. The VIX was up by 6.94%, Brent crude oil was down by 2.47%, and spot gold continued to rise from November 2022, closing up 2.49% yesterday at $1913.54 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high level, closing at 103.61.  The US President, Biden, delivered a speech on the banking system, stating that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) has taken control of the assets of Signature Bank and Silicon Valley Bank, and taxpayers will not incur any losses as the funds will come from insurance fund fees. He also announced that Congress and regulatory agencies will be required to strengthen bank regulations. HSBC Holdings acquired the UK subsidiary of Silicon Valley Bank for £1, and the UK subsidiary's tangible assets are estimated to be around £1.4 billion. The Dow Jones index will remove Signature Bank from some of its indices, and the MSCI Global Standard Index will remove SVB Financial Group.  Based on the Fed funds futures, it is most probable that the Fed will not increase interest rates any further. Traders predict that there is a 54% likelihood that the Fed will keep interest rates steady in March, and a 46% chance that it will raise them by 25 basis points. Moreover, traders anticipate that the Bank of England will only increase interest rates by 25 basis points.  **Trending Stocks**  Last week, the banking sector of the US stock market saw a continued decline, with small and medium-sized banks such as FRC, WAL, and PACW joining Silicon Valley Bank in experiencing a sell-off.  [**First Republic Bank(FRC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    FRC suffered the largest single-day drop in its history, opening down 67% and closing down 61.83%. After the close, FRC was up 15.51% and priced at $36.05.  [**Western Alliance(WAL)**](  &amp;#x200B;    WAL, which was once halted for trading, saw a decline of 47.06%, and was up 6.58% after the close, priced at $27.84.  [**PacWest(PACW)**](  &amp;#x200B;    While PACW hit a low point of nearly 60% and triggered circuit breakers twice before closing down 21.05%, it was up 12.41% after the close, priced at $10.96.  [**Apple(AAPL)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Apple's stock increased by 1.33%. Although Cook was re-elected as Apple's director, his annual salary will experience a significant decrease to $49 million. Despite facing opposition from the design team, Cook remains committed to releasing the MR headset this year and is supporting the COO.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [Silicon Valley Bank]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-14 11:53:47]
[Last week's market performance and economic news review,;,; Last week was another solid week for the global stock markets, to say the least. However, this time out, it were the European indices that outperformed. US benchmarks all posted green weeks, with the Dow up ever so slightly and the Nasdaq and S&amp;P500 up closer to 0.5% after posting new all-time highs halfway through the week.  Meanwhile, the major European indices posted incredible gains of multiple percentages, which were helped by great results from European heavyweights ASML and LVMH, jumping over 10% on their blowout earnings. As a result, the Euro Stoxx 50 gained over 3% and the Euro Stoxx 600 closer to 2.5%. However, the real European standout was once again the Dutch AEX, which gained over 4%, driven by the performance of ASML, which has a significant 15% weight in the index.  All in all, it is quite a solid performance, especially considering the headwinds global economies and companies continue to face. Whenever you think there is no more upside, the market finds a reason to put down new all-time highs. It just once more proves that the Mr. market is irrational and, above all, completely unpredictable.  Yet, we will add that our view of the markets remains the same. We continue to view current optimism as overdone and expect the markets to show some volatile reactions on important quarterly results and economic data throughout the remainder of Q1 and into Q2. The broader upside is most likely limited.  At the same time, though, there is room for optimism as economic data from last week points in the right direction, making the likelihood for a 25 bps rate cut as early as May somewhat more likely.  [The Commerce Department’s personal consumption expenditures price index for December]( which is the most crucial inflation indicator for the Federal Reserve, increased by 0.2% month over month and 2.9% YoY, which is roughly in line with projections from Dow Jones analysts.  The 12-month rate is the lowest since March 2021, down from 3.2% in November. So, what does this mean for the Fed and interest rates?  Well, this report confirms that while inflation is certainly sticky and remains elevated, it is trending down progressively and should indicate to the Fed that it can start lowering rates later this year. However, it is no reason to become more bullish than we already were, and a first interest rate cut in June still seems like the most viable option in our eyes.  However, there is room for more positivity, as, on Thursday, a report showed that the U.S. economy grew much faster than expected in the final months of 2023, with [GPD growing by 3.3%]( in Q4. This compared favorably to a Wall Street estimate for just 2% growth and is no massive slowdown from the 4.9% reported in Q3.  This highlights that even in the face of high-interest rates, the U.S. economy continues to fire on all cylinders. Meanwhile, inflation is trending down strongly, with the PCE price index rising 2.7%, down from 5.9% a year ago, while the core figure posted a 3.2% increase annually, compared with 5.1% one year ago.  While the markets showed little response to these numbers due to the data being backward-looking and the market being a forward-looking machine, this could bode well for the Fed’s commitment to lower rates. According to the CME Group, the Fed will almost certainly keep rates flat in both the January 31st meeting and the March 20 meeting.  However, the market does still price in a high likelihood for the Fed to announce the first rate cut in May, which might still be slightly too optimistic, though not impossible, looking at these December numbers, assuming inflation data in upcoming months shows solid progress.  Even more positive news for the Fed was the surprising weakness in the labor market, with initial jobless claims data for the week ending Jan. 20 coming in surprisingly high. Initial jobless claims totaled 214,000, up by 25,000 from the prior week and above the Dow Jones estimate of 199,000. For a while now, the Fed has been looking for some softening in the labor market, and while this single week is no real solid indication, this will be what officials are looking for.  Positively, with regard to the tight labor market, tech layoffs ballooned so far in January, with over 23,500 employees laid off from 85 different technology companies, which is massive, [as reported by CNBC]( That is the highest number since March 2023.  Meanwhile, unsurprisingly, the European Central Bank held rates steady on Wednesday and gave little insight or indication of future rate cuts. It said that recent data had broadly confirmed its previous inflation outlook and that a declining trend in underlying inflation had continued. Like the Federal Reserve, the ECB indicated that its decision-making will be data-driven, fixating on economic data.  As of Thursday morning, markets were pricing in a 62% probability of a rate cut in April, according to LSEG data.  On another positive note, [Citi analysts expect]( economic growth to accelerate next year and to return to healthy levels relatively quickly. According to Citi analysts, the U.S. should be able to avoid an economic collapse.  Furthermore, [Citi also believes]( the S&amp;P500 is not as expensive as it seems and blames the rather high valuation of 22x trailing earnings on the magnificent 7, painting a misleading picture. According to its equal-weight calculations, the index is realistically trading closer to 19x earnings, which is not as concerning.  Yes, this sounds a bit like they are looking for the bright spots to stay optimistic, creating their own valuations, but they also make a fair point. While technology and the largest S&amp;P500 stocks are trading at very demanding valuations, most of the companies in the S&amp;P500 aren’t all that expensive compared to historical multiples.,;,; 2024-01-29 19:04:17]
[Nintendo Analysis_1,;,; &amp;#x200B;    **Revenue &amp; Profit Growth**   The revenue growth of Nintendo is highly volatile depending on the new consoles and titles it released.   Nintendo has two big revenue growth records in the past 23 years. The first was in 2007, Nintendo achieved big sales in Wii and NDS Lite with their software worldwide after it released them in 2006. Wii was a success in the 7th console competition as it attracted more people to convert to players and expanded the whole game market, especially Wii has a high-profit margin compared with Xbox360 and PS3. But after that, Nintendo lost the whole next-generation competition. Nintendo's revenue and profit declined from 2010 to 2017, because the sales were full for Wii and NDS, and the successor Wii U failed in competition with PlayStation 4. Nintendo was too conservative in products, and its share price crashed in those years.   Nintendo released its new console Switch in 2017 and achieved big success in the market. Nintendo has had the highest revenue and profit growth in the past, but again, the growth only persists for 4 years, and the new OLED Switch cannot inject much fuel for Nintendo compared with PS5. Although the last half-year financial report showed Switch and its software still have growth in its seventh year, especially in software, benefitting the Zelda successor release and the hit Super Mario Movie, I think it's time to update the new console and open the next growth cycle.   The other good thing is Nintendo's revenue and profit growth are high   a positive relationship, which means its revenue growth can drive profit.   From the growth data, we know we can invest in Nintendo when it releases new console and titles, but we don't know if the new console will succeed in the market. I hope Nintendo can bring us new fun in the future.  &amp;#x200B;       **Revenue Quality**   Nintendo's cash conversion rate is bad because most time the rate of operating cash flow to net income is below 1. And this ratio has been around 0.5 in the last 2 years. The reasons are an increase in inventory and profit, and gains in equity investment and foreign exchange. I know some of them are not regular things, but this conversion rate is not good for me.  &amp;#x200B;       **Margins**   Nintendo's profit profit-earning ability enhanced after Switch was released in 2017. Its gross margin climbed to 55% and its operating margin jumped to 31% in 2023, much higher than the average of the past 20 years.   I think Nintendo's margin is volatile too, not like Bandai's stable expansion, its margins are high related to new consoles and titles released. I don't like much volatile margin for a company, which means its advantage is thin and weak.   Nintendo finds a way to compete with Sony and Xbox. Not just the console's functionalities, it is the integration of console, IP, and games, and keep expanding user scale to enter their IP world. Of course, Nintendo has seen the fuel in the console and game sales through its IP expansion strategy.   I still notice the total tiles sold in the Switch platform has declined from last year, even though it is a high number compared with years before COVID-19. Nintendo must think about new drivers for the next generation competition, although they want to break the rules of console life. I believe the Switch will perform well in its eighth year as a scale console sold and keep releasing new titles in 2024. I would like to see some news about the new console from Nintendo this year, not only from the player but also the investor.  &amp;#x200B;       **Turnover**   Nintendo has a good cash turnover rate which expresses its dominant role in game title issuing before 2010. But things changed after Sony and Microsoft entered this sector. Nintendo's cash and inventory turnover has declined in recent years, which is the second-highest level in its history. I think this is some affected by capex increase recently. Although this number is good for game developers, I would like to see more efficiency in cash use.  &amp;#x200B;    &amp;#x200B;       **Asset &amp; Capital Structure**   After Nintendo's domination breakdown by Sony and Xbox, Nintendo's AR increased in the last ten years but declined recently, and inventory climbed in the Covid period, similar to peers.   I think Nintendo's operating and fixed assets are stable with business and PPE will increase in the following years as the new R&amp;D headquarters develops.   As a Japanese company, Nintendo has very low financial leverage with strong solvency.  &amp;#x200B;    &amp;#x200B;       **Returns &amp; Valuation**   Nintendo has had good investment returns in the past as most time its ROIC exceeds its WACC. Equity return is not outstanding, most times below 12%, but moved better in recent years, I think it's benefitted the Switch sale and IP expansion.   Nintendo's return data is express cycle character too and decline slowly in the past 2 years. This is another signal of the need to refresh its product portfolio.   Nintendo's valuation is good as its profit increased around 6x and the price has just increased 1.8x in the last seven years. I think Nintendo's price is fair, but maybe expensive after its price soared after the second-quarter results were released.  &amp;#x200B;  **Conclusion**   Nintendo is a great company with high innovation ability, evergreen IP, and an expanded client base. However, its financial result is highly volatile and relies on its console and title release. This makes Nintendo like a cycle stock. The Switch has given Nintendo the confidence to say no to the console life rule in this sector, and it achieved another strong sales half year. This is impressive but I am still concerned about some data, like declined equity returns and cash turnover, and its low cash conversion.   As 2024 is the eighth year of Switch and many rumors about the Switch2 release plan, I think Nintendo has a high probability of opening a new growth tunnel if it new console is released this year. Maybe this is the right timing to build some positions and wait for that, compared to Wii, Switch's long life and good performance have decline many investment risks.,;,; 2024-01-11 03:26:07]
[Is it possible to live on patent litigation? NLST is the most interesting example,;,;    The patent litigation process is a common occurrence in the US. According to data compiled by the Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &amp; Rosati law firm, there are between 5,000 and 6,000 patent case filings in America every year.  95% to 97% of patent infringement lawsuits are settled out of court. Data shows that the overwhelming majority of intellectual property legal cases aren’t settled by the courts. In fact, up to 97% of patent infringement lawsuits never make it to trial. The reasons are obvious - the huge costs and the amount of time these processes take often force the parties to reach a settlement early on. Patent litigation statistics on the cost of these processes show that a settlement is always the far more affordable option  The number of patent trolls who want to steal money from the big tech giants is also very high. But I want to focus on the above data. 95% of patent litigation ends in a deal before trial. This data demonstrates that companies exploit the judicial system and the costs to pay little or nothing and to continue to grow.   now we're talking about a company that is having one of the biggest and most interesting patent battles in the world. Let's talk about the memory sector involving samsung, micron and google and in 2021 it saw the deal with sk hynix.  NETLIST INC vs all these giants.  I want to start with the last news:  IRVINE, Calif., April 24, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Netlist, Inc. (OTCQB: NLST) today announced that it won a $303 million damages award against Samsung Electronics  “The award resulted from a jury trial that lasted six days, and involved five Netlist patents: U.S. Patent Nos. 10,949,339, 11,016,918, 11,232,054, 8,787,060, and 9,318,160.  The products found to infringe these patents were all Samsung DDR4 LRDIMM, DDR5 UDIMM, SODIMM, and RDIMM, and high bandwidth memory (HBM) 2, 2E and 3 components.”   “Samsung willfully infringed those patents, and that money damages were owed to Netlist for the infringement of all five patents”  And the ceo said other interesting details:  “We are pleased with the outcome of this case. The jury verdict left no doubt that Samsung not only willfully infringed Netlist patents, but currently uses Netlist technology without a license on strategic products which collectively represent the future of Samsung's memory business”  In a nutshell netlist inc has just won $303.15 million for only 5 patents against samsung, the judge will decide in two weeks whether to increase the damages for just cause and above all netlist and samsung will now have to negotiate IP licenses.  It all seems over and yet this is just the tip of the iceberg. Samsung uses other netlist patents and there are 3 other active patent lawsuits. • One in Europe starting in September for two other European lrdimm patents. • one in delawere shared by google for patent 912 which is the best netlist patent • one in texas again for three patents, one of which is still p.912 The trial will begin on April 15, 2024.  It's amazing that samsung, micron and google are continuing to carry on patent battles that they know they are losing. These giants are noxious and deserve exemplary punishment.  Let's go back to the past. netlist vs sk hynix. In 2021 netlist and sk found a deal after 3 years of legal battle. Netlist has used the strategy, it has chosen to find a 40 million cash deal and $ 600 million of resale products in order to survive, having a solid partner close by and investing and marketing an innovative product of NLST, CXL hybridimm.  Yes, netlist was satisfied with little money and numbers to monetize today against samsung, micron and google. It is no coincidence that the numbers of the samsung case are astounding. 7.5x the cash obtained from the sk hynix deal and this is the base damages, not counting IP licenses and potential additional damages. Netlist has invested $50 million in legal fees over the past 9 quarters. This makes you understand how much it costs to carry out justice with the difference that now netlist will start monetizing these patents which are considered pure gold.  According to the expert of the samsung case in texas, "there is no alternative to the NLST patents" and he has demonstrated that these patents covering HBM products (chat gpt), lrdimm and DDR5 increase performance by 20/30% and above all reduce consumption of energy. Netlist is the reason samsung, micron and sk hynix make $100 million in semiconductor revenues.  It is embarrassing that there are few articles from top news organizations that talk and discuss this topic. I'm not talking about netlists but in general. These giants are destroying progress and stealing because there is a failing justice system. It costs too much to sue a giant, it costs too much time and the best lawyers are paid millions of dollars Asia is exponentially increasing patents and it seems that there is more fair competition in those countries that we consider third world or very bad. Something wrong.  The incredible thing is that this is just a coincidence. Netlist has 130 active patents, it is a company that is fundamental for the memory market because it covers with its patents almost all the products of the DRAM sector. Netlist invented LRDIMM, nvdimm, a core part of HBM which is one of the hottest products now, demanded by AMD, nvdia and MICROSOFT with CHATGPT.  Sk hynix dominates due to having a close relationship with netlist inc.  On the first comment all the dates of the samsung, micron and google trials and with DD and personal thought.,;,; 2023-04-26 13:10:38]
[Stock Market Review. Let's see what's happening,;,; \[Banking crisis eases, S&amp;P Dow rises for third straight day, Nasdaq closes lower\]  &amp;#x200B;  U.S. regulation for Silicon Valley banks to find a receiver, news that the U.S. government is considering providing additional liquidity, in addition, the flow of deposits from regional banks to large banks at a sharply reduced rate, are improving market sentiment. The Dow closed up 0.6% and the S&amp;P rose 0.16%, both up three days in a row, although the Nasdaq fell 0.47%.  &amp;#x200B;  Bank stocks rebounded collectively, Bank of America rose about 5%, First Republic Bank rose nearly 12%, First Citizens Bank rose nearly 54%; most of the large technology stocks fell, Google fell more than 2%, Apple, Microsoft fell more than 1%; energy stocks strengthened, Caron Oil, Wacker Energy rose more than 5%; most of the popular Chinese stocks fell, Shell fell nearly 4%, Poundland fell more than 3%.  &amp;#x200B;  \[First Citizens Bank bought Silicon Valley Bank, shares jumped nearly 54%\].  &amp;#x200B;  After two weeks of "painstaking search", the U.S. government finally ushered in the receiver of Silicon Valley Bank. First Citizens Bank ([FCNCA.US]( will buy $72 billion of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank assets at a discounted price of $16.5 billion, taking over all the deposits and loans of Silicon Valley Bank ([SIVB.US]( with the Deposit Insurance Fund spending about $20 billion after the bankruptcy of Silicon Valley Bank. Silicon Valley Bridge Bank's remaining approximately $90 billion in securities and other assets remain in the hands of the FDIC. First Citizens Bank shares surged nearly 54% on Monday.  &amp;#x200B;  \[The Great Deposit Shift! $286 billion poured into the money fund market, the highest since the record crown epidemic\]  &amp;#x200B;  Data provider EPFR's data shows that more than $286 billion has flowed into money market funds in March, the largest inflow since the beginning of the epidemic. The surge in funds prompted the total asset size of money funds to swell to a record high of $5.1 trillion. $ Goldman Sachs ([GS.US]( $ JPMorgan Chase ([JPM.US]( and $ Fidelity National Financial ([FNF.US]( were the biggest winners, with Goldman Sachs' U.S. money funds receiving nearly $52 billion in inflows since March 9, up a whopping 13 percent. JPMorgan Chase's fund received nearly $46 billion in inflows, and Fidelity saw inflows of nearly $37 billion.  &amp;#x200B;  \[Tesla's Berlin plant broke through a key production node three months ahead of schedule, with weekly production exceeding 5,000 units\]  &amp;#x200B;  On the first anniversary of its establishment, $Tesla ([TSLA.US]( Berlin mega-factory capacity has taken another step forward. On March 25, local time, Tesla announced that the weekly production of Model Y in Berlin Super Factory has exceeded 5,000 units, and the annual production capacity has reached 260,000 units, quadrupling the level from last May and a full three months ahead of the original plan.  &amp;#x200B;  \[Apple Quietly Acquires Video AI Startup WaveOne  &amp;#x200B;  Apple ([AAPL.US]( Inc. quietly bought WaveOne, a California-based AI algorithm company, in February, and several employees, including executives from the company, have been working on several of Apple's machine learning business lines. waveOne focuses on AI-powered intelligent compression algorithms that use scene and object recognition algorithms to selectively WaveOne focuses on AI-enabled intelligent compression algorithms that use scene and object recognition algorithms to selectively compress less important background parts of video, significantly reducing bandwidth requirements while dramatically reducing the lagging impact of network fluctuations.  &amp;#x200B;  Warren Buffett's Third Strike This Month: Firmly Raises Position in Occidental Petroleum  &amp;#x200B;  Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has increased its holdings in Occidental Petroleum ([OXY.US]( by nearly 3.7 million shares in recent days, raising its stake to about 23.6%. The filing shows that Berkshire completed the increase in four separate transactions on March 23 and 27 EST, buying at prices between $58.61 and $59.62, respectively, bringing its stake in Occidental Petroleum to 211 million shares, or about 23.5 percent. Based on Monday's closing price, the total market value of its position reached about $12.626 billion.  &amp;#x200B;  OpenAI leads investment in Norwegian humanoid robotics company 1X  &amp;#x200B;  Recently, Norwegian humanoid robotics company 1X Technologies (formerly known as Halodi Robotics) announced that it has raised $23.5 million in a Series A2 round of funding led by OpenAI. The news has sparked endless speculation about the combination of GPT models and robots. 1X says its aim is to create robots with practical applications to increase the global workforce. 1X reportedly intends to use the funds to increase the research and development of its upcoming bipedal robot model NEO, as well as mass production of its first commercial robot, EVE, in Norway and North America.  &amp;#x200B;  \[Disney's first round of layoffs will affect 7,000 employees\]  &amp;#x200B;  According to an internal letter sent to employees by $Disney ([DIS.US]( company CEO Robert Iger on Monday, the entertainment giant will launch its previously officially announced layoff plan starting this Monday, a batch that is expected to affect 7,000 people. Disney Entertainment, as well as Disney Parks, Experiences and Products divisions will be affected. The internal letter also said that the company will launch a "larger" round of layoffs in April, with the final round of layoffs to begin this summer.,;,; 2023-03-28 02:52:17]
[(4/12) Wednesday's Pre-Market Stock Movers &amp; News,;,; #Good morning traders and investors of the r/StockMarket sub! Welcome to the new trading day and a fresh start! Here are your pre-market stock movers &amp; news on this Wednesday, April the 12th, 2023-  *****  # [S&amp;P 500 futures tick higher ahead of key March inflation data: Live updates](  ***** &gt; S&amp;P 500 futures rose slightly Wednesday as investors turned their focus to March’s highly anticipated inflation report. ***** &gt; Futures tied to the broader market index traded 0.1% higher. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures advanced 78 basis points, or 0.2%, while Nasdaq-100 futures were flat. ***** &gt; The March consumer price index is slated for release at 8:30 a.m. ET. Economists polled by Dow Jones predict that CPI rose by 0.2% in March, compared to a 0.4% gain in February. ***** &gt; The report could impact the Federal Reserve’s rate decision come May. It may also cement the case for a stop to the central bank’s rate-hiking regime. ***** &gt; “It kind of feels like the calm before the storm,” said Ryan Detrick, chief market strategist at the Carson Group. “I mean it’s light volume, not a lot of big moves today. Traders are just kind of getting the eye on the prize, looking to that big CPI number.” ***** &gt; Minutes from the Federal Reserve’s March policy meeting are also due out Wednesday, and slated to offer further clues into the mindset behind the central bank’s 25 basis point hike in the wake of Silicon Valley Bank’s collapse and the turmoil that rattled the broader banking sector. ***** &gt; Later in the week, the health of the U.S. economy and consumer will be put to the test as first-quarter earnings season kicks into full gear. Banking behemoths JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup are on deck, as well as health-care giant UnitedHealth. ***** &gt; Stocks ended Tuesday’s session mixed. The S&amp;P 500 closed little changed, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.29% and Nasdaq Composite lost 0.43%. Nine of the 11 major S&amp;P sectors finished positive, led to the upside by a 0.9% gain in the energy sector. Information technology stocks slumped 1%, led to the downside by chip names and megacap software giant Microsoft.  *****  #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR STOCK FUTURES CHARTS!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR LINK #2!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$DAL $JPM $UNH $GBX $KMX $TLRY $C $WFC $ACI $IMBI $PGR $PNC $BLK $FAST $INFY $APOG $BYRN $RENT $OGI $WAFD $CGNT $LAKE $THTX $SPWH $UXIN $SKIL $NTIC $SBEV $LVMUY*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$OGI $SKIL $APOG $THTX $LVMUY*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #THIS AFTERNOON'S AFTER-HOURS EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!]()**) (N/A.)  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #2!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS!](  *****  #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #2!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #3!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S MOST ACTIVE TRENDING TICKERS ON STOCKTWITS:  * HKD * ETH.X * SOL.X * NVAX * BNB.X * NOW * WW * MSFT * AAPL * MIRM  *****  #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(**source: [cnbc.com](  *****  &gt; **Shopify** — Shares of the e-commerce company gained 2.4% after JMP upgraded Shopify to market outperform from market perform. The firm assigned the company a price target of $65 per share, implying a 45.1% upside from Tuesday’s close.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** SHOP  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Triton International, Brookfield Infrastructure** — Triton’s shares soared by more than 28% in early morning trading on news the company will be acquired by Brookfield Infrastructure. Triton shareholders will receive consideration valued at $85 per share in cash and stock. Brookfield’s stock price gained 2.15% on the announcement.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** TRTN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **MongoDB** — The software company’s stock price rose 2.8% in premarket trading after Morgan Stanley upgraded MongoDB to overweight from equal weight, citing the company’s leadership in cloud optimization initiatives. The firm raised its price target to $270, which suggests shares could gain 27.6% from Tuesday’s close.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MDB  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Global Payments** — Shares added about 2% before the bell after Goldman upgraded the fintech company to buy and assigned a $127 price target, implying about 20% upside from Tuesday’s close. “We believe the merchant business is poised to sustain somewhat better than feared trends as currency headwinds fade, aided by a stronger start to the year in 1Q23,” Goldman analysts wrote in a note sent to clients on Tuesday.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** GPN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Goldman Sachs** — The banking giant rose slightly after UBS upgraded the stock to buy from neutral, saying the company is attractively priced with minimum risk ahead. Analyst Brennan Hawken increased his price target to $385 from $350, suggesting shares stand to gain 17.6% from Tuesday’s close price.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** GS  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **MGM Resorts International** — Shares rose about 1.5% after JPMorgan reaffirmed its overweight rating on the company, saying it raised its 2023-2024 Macao estimates on MGM and views its strong upcoming events calendar as a growth catalyst. The firm also lifted its price target to $55, which suggests a 27% from Tuesday’s closing price.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MGM  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  #**FULL DISCLOSURE:**  &gt; /u/bigbear0083 has no positions in any stocks mentioned. Reddit, moderators, and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts. Analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk.  *****  #**DISCUSS!**  What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/StockMarket?  *****  # **I hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this Wednesday, April 12th, 2023! :)**,;,; 2023-04-12 11:23:26]
[An Open Letter to the CEO and directors of Cloudflare,;,;    To Mr. Matthew Prince, and Directors of Cloudflare,  My name is Ming Wong, and I am the CEO of Zetalon Ltd., a company that has been a committed investor and free user of Cloudflare's services. I am penning this open letter to express my concerns and provide suggestions that, I believe, could contribute to the financial performance and longevity of Cloudflare.  Despite the company's remarkable growth in customer base and service offerings since its initial public offering in 2019, the financial reports from 2019 to the present indicate a continuous operation at a loss, with a reported loss of $190.1M in 2022. This persistent inability to turn a profit raises serious concerns about the company's long-term sustainability and its value creation for shareholders.  I understand that Cloudflare's strategy has been to build customer loyalty and support small websites to grow into large, paid websites. This is a commendable approach, and it has indeed resulted in a significant increase in Cloudflare's customer base. However, it is also clear that this strategy has not been successful in turning the company's impressive growth into profitability.  Cloudflare's growth and market presence are indeed impressive. The company boasts over 4 million customers, including 17% of Fortune 500 companies. It generated $431.06 million in revenue in 2020, a 5.08x increase since 2016. There are 7.59 million active websites using Cloudflare, and the company has 119,206 paying customers. These paying customers produced 88.84% of the revenue, indicating a significant reliance on a relatively small portion of the user base.  Despite this impressive market share, Cloudflare has fewer high-traffic websites compared to competitors like Akamai, Amazon CloudFront, and Fastly. This is a clear indication that the company's current strategy is not fully capitalizing on its potential.  Importantly, Cloudflare provides its services at a more affordable rate than many of its competitors, including BelugaCDN, Amazon Web Services, Stack Path, Microsoft Azure, and Google. This competitive pricing gives Cloudflare an edge in attracting customers, particularly small and medium enterprises looking for cost-effective solutions. While this strategy contributes to Cloudflare's expansive customer base, it further underlines the necessity of increasing revenue streams beyond just customer subscriptions.  However, the current financial performance poses potential risks to the shareholders. Continuous operation at a loss can diminish shareholder value over time, which could eventually lead to shareholder dissatisfaction and the potential for capital flight. Shareholder value should not be an afterthought; rather, it is a primary goal that aligns with the company's growth and success.  To address this and enhance profitability, I propose a strategic shift in Cloudflare's approach to its free services. Here are the specific changes I propose:  Limit Free Plan Features: Disallow features like Async JavaScript Loading with Rocket Loader and Multi-User Administrative Access and Read-only User Access in the free plan. Also, limit the number of free custom hostnames from 100 to 50. These changes will encourage multi-employee companies to upgrade to a paid plan.  Introduce Ads on the "Checking your browser before accessing" Page: By forcing this page to be shown on all free websites, it can serve as an effective platform for displaying ads, providing an additional revenue stream. This change could also serve as a stepping stone for Cloudflare to develop its own ad network, further diversifying its revenue streams.  Introduce a $20 per Year Plan: Replace the current free plan with a $20 per year plan. This nominal fee is affordable for most users and can generate significant revenue given Cloudflare's large user base.  Although these changes may entail risks such as potential customer dissatisfaction and a possible initial decrease in the user base, it is important to emphasize the long-term benefits. Implementing these changes could not only result in increased revenue but also lead to a diversified business model less reliant on customer subscriptions alone. This diversification could reduce risk in the long term and lead to a more robust, resilient business. Moreover, the profitability from these strategic shifts could significantly increase shareholder value over time, securing the company's longevity and growth prospects.  Here are some rough estimates:  If 25% of the 7.48 million free websites move to the $20 per year plan, that's 1.87 million websites. At $20 per website per year, the potential revenue increase would be $37.4 million per year.  Assuming 25% of websites stop using Cloudflare, the remaining free plan users would be 3.24 million websites. Assuming the average daily traffic of the websites is 100, that's 324 million page views per day. Over a year, that's approximately 118.26 billion page views. With a $3 CPM, the average CPM of Google Display Network ads, the potential ad revenue would be approximately $354.780 million per year.  So, the total potential revenue increase from both the $20 per year plan and the ads would be approximately $392.18 million per year. This revenue increase not only covers the $193.4 million loss reported in 2022 but also potentially results in a significant profit.  I understand and appreciate the reasoning behind Cloudflare's commitment to a free service, and I am cognizant of the factors that make it such an invaluable asset. I'd like to address each of these points:  Data: Cloudflare's ability to gather a wide array of data from its free service users, thereby enhancing protection for paid users, is indeed commendable. My proposition for limiting features on the free plan and the introduction of a $20 per year plan should not compromise this ability. A lower-tiered paid plan may even encourage more users to sign up, potentially offering a larger data set.  Customer Referrals: I recognize that customer referrals, particularly from satisfied users of the free service, play a pivotal role in attracting larger customers. I believe that a $20 per year plan would continue to offer tremendous value, maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction and continuing to drive referrals.  Employee Referrals: I acknowledge the importance of the free plan in attracting potential employees. I propose that, with careful communication and strategic rollout, the changes will be accepted and will continue to attract top talent to Cloudflare.  QA: Offering new features to free customers for testing is indeed a unique and valuable approach. The changes I propose should not interfere with this. On the contrary, a more diverse range of customers due to a $20 plan may provide even more varied feedback and testing.  Bandwidth Chicken &amp; Egg: I understand the role of free customers in achieving the scale necessary for competitive pricing and regional peering. By introducing a reasonably priced $20 per year plan, I believe that we can maintain, if not increase, the diversity and scale of our customer base.  Looking ahead, I believe that Cloudflare holds substantial growth opportunities, which, if tapped into strategically, could enhance long-term benefits for both the company and its shareholders. Specifically, I would like to highlight three potential areas of expansion:  Ad Networks: By introducing ads on the "Checking your browser before accessing" page, Cloudflare could diversify its revenue streams and lay the foundation for establishing its own ad network. Ad networks have been profitable ventures for many tech companies, and with Cloudflare's broad user base, there is significant potential for high returns.  Web Hosting Services: Cloudflare's existing infrastructure and network capacity make it an ideal candidate to offer web hosting services. This could attract a new customer segment that's looking for a one-stop-shop for their website needs, generating additional revenue while enhancing the company's value proposition.  Virtual Private Servers (VPS): The growing trend towards remote work and online businesses increases the demand for reliable and affordable VPS. By offering VPS services, Cloudflare could capitalize on this trend and further strengthen its market position.  By expanding into these areas, Cloudflare would not only diversify its offerings but also create synergies with its existing services. For instance, customers using Cloudflare's web hosting or VPS services could be more likely to use other Cloudflare services, creating a more integrated and stickier customer base.  Moreover, these new revenue streams could greatly enhance the long-term financial performance of the company. While the initial investment might be substantial, the potential for increased and diversified revenue could outweigh the costs in the long term, driving profitability, and thereby enhancing shareholder value.  While I believe that the changes, I propose carry significant potential for profit and growth, I am aware that they also present certain risks. Therefore, I find it essential to acknowledge and consider these risks in your decision-making process.  Customer Backlash: Changes to the free plan could lead to a backlash from current free users. However, it's important to note that even with these changes, Cloudflare's services are still very competitively priced. Therefore, despite changes to the free plan, Cloudflare will continue to provide excellent value for its users. Nevertheless, careful communication about these changes and potentially introducing transitional measures could help manage this risk effectively.  Competitive Dynamics: A change in Cloudflare's pricing structure could potentially alter competitive dynamics in the market, possibly inciting competitive responses from other CDN and cloud service providers.  Ad Network Viability: While the potential revenue from ads is significant, building an ad network also involves challenges. Besides the technical challenges, it may also take time to attract advertisers and achieve profitable scale.  Diversification Risks: While diversifying into web hosting services and VPS may seem attractive, it's important to consider that Cloudflare would be competing in a new market with its own competitive dynamics and established players. Moreover, the investment required to establish a presence in these markets could be substantial.  As with any strategic decisions, it's crucial to balance the potential rewards with the inherent risks. While the strategies I propose carry risks, I believe that with careful planning and execution, these risks can be effectively managed. Moreover, the potential long-term benefits in terms of revenue growth, profitability, and shareholder value are significant.  I am confident in Cloudflare's potential for growth and profitability. However, it is crucial that the management team takes decisive action to address the current profitability issues. The proposed strategies are not just about improving the financial performance of the company, but also about fulfilling the company's responsibilities to its shareholders.  Thank you for taking the time to consider my concerns and proposals. I firmly believe that these strategic shifts would significantly enhance Cloudflare's profitability and shareholder value. I urge the board to conduct a thorough review of the proposed strategies and consider implementing them for the long-term success of the company.  I look forward to your response and to seeing Cloudflare seize these growth opportunities, ensuring a prosperous future for all stakeholders.  Best regards,  Ming Wong  CEO, Zetalon Ltd.  [contact@zetalon.com](mailto:contact@zetalon.com)  [  Sources:  CDN Pricing 2021 | Top 5 CDN Providers Price Comparison Chart n.d., BelugaCDN, viewed 20 July 2023, [  Cloudflare, Inc. (NET) Income Statement - Yahoo Finance n.d., finance.yahoo.com, viewed 17 July 2023, [  Cloudflare Stats for 2023: How Many Websites Use Cloudflare? 2023, Backlinko, viewed 17 July 2023, [  How can CloudFlare offer a free CDN with unlimited bandwidth? n.d., Webmasters Stack Exchange, viewed 23 July 2023, [  Is Online Advertising Expensive? 2021, Top Draw Inc., viewed 18 July 2023, [  Monthly Website Visitors | KPIs For Business Owners (2022) n.d., [ viewed 17 July 2023, [  Which Companies Turned A Profit the Quickest - And Which Have Yet To? n.d., viewed 20 July 2023, [ 2023-07-25 15:42:57]
[(3/10) Friday's Pre-Market Stock Movers &amp; News,;,; #Good Friday morning traders and investors of the r/StockMarket sub! Welcome to the final trading day of this week. Here are your pre-market movers &amp; news this AM-  *****  #[Dow futures fall following Thursday’s market selloff fueled by banks, U.S. jobs report looms](  ***** &gt; Futures tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell Friday as investors look to upcoming job data for clues into how the Federal Reserve may move forward. The action follows a steep sell-off led by bank shares. ***** &gt; Dow futures shed 66 points, or 0.2%. S&amp;P 500 futures dipped 0.1%, and Nasdaq-100 futures traded flat. ***** &gt; Shares of the SVB Financial tumbled again on Friday, down another 63% after initially plunging on plans to raise more than $2 billion in capital in a bid to offset losses from bond sales. ***** &gt; The move weighed on the financial sector and banking stocks, with the SPDR S&amp;P Regional Banking ETF down more than 2%. Shares of First Republic and Signature Bank were last down about 18% and 12%, respectively. ***** &gt; Wall Street posted a losing session Thursday. A drop in SVB Financial shares spurred a broad financial sector selloff, as investors grew concerned that higher interest rates would result in banks facing losses on loans due to borrower defaults. The selloff pushed the S&amp;P’s financial sector down 4.1% for its worst day since 2020. ***** &gt; On Thursday, the Nasdaq Composite recorded a 2.05% slide, while the S&amp;P 500 posted a 1.85% dip. The Dow lost 543.54 points, or 1.66%, as the 30-stock index closed below its 200-day moving average for the first time since Nov. 9. All three major averages are on pace to finish the week down 3% or more. ***** &gt; Wall Street is bracing for February jobs report, which is slated to be released at 8:30 a.m. ET. Economists polled by Dow Jones expect nonfarm payrolls to rise 225,000 in the month, which would mark a slowdown in growth from January’s unexpectedly large gain of 517,000. ***** &gt; The unemployment rate is expected to remain unchanged from January — when it hit a low not seen since 1969 — at 3.4%, according to Dow Jones. Hourly wages are expected to have increased 0.4% from the prior month, gaining 4.8% from 12 months ago, economists estimate. ***** &gt; While having more jobs is considered good for the economy, a better-than-expected report can push stocks lower, according to Brad McMillan, chief investment officer for Commonwealth Financial Network. That’s because more workers can signal more demand, he said, which would indicate higher inflation. ***** &gt; Traders are pricing in a roughly 63% chance of the Federal Reserve raising rates by half of a percentage point at its next policy meeting in about two weeks, according to the CME FedWatch Tool. Investors see Friday’s job report as a key driver in that decision, given the central bank’s continued focus on the strength of the labor market as a justification for rate increases. ***** &gt; “A strong report would be bad news for the Fed, for interest rates, and for markets,” McMillan said.  *****  #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR STOCK FUTURES CHARTS!](  *****  # YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  # TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #NEXT WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #NEXT WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S!](  *****  #NEXT WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!]()**) (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.)  *****  #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$CIEN $BDSX $ADAP $FSTR $RIDE $SNCE $CECO $PASG $QTRX*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES!]()**) (NONE.)  *****  #YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #2!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS!](  *****  #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #2!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #3!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #4!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S MOST ACTIVE TRENDING TICKERS ON STOCKTWITS:  * SIVB * BTC.X * DWAC * BAC * DOCU * ETH.X * JPM * JKS * SBNY * ULTA  *****  #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(**source: [cnbc.com](  *****  &gt; **SVB Financial** — Shares of the company known as Silicon Valley Bank extended their big slide, falling more than 40% in early morning trading after the company Thursday announced a plan to raise more than $2 billion in capital to help offset losses on bond sales. The news weighed on the entire banking sector for a second day, with First Republic Bank losing 7.5% in the premarket and crypto focused Signature Bank down 4%. Zions Bancorporation fell 2%. In the previous session, SVB finished down 60%.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** SIVB  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Allbirds** — Shares of the footwear retailer plummeted more than 22% after the company failed to post year-over-year quarterly sales growth for the first time in its history. Allbirds also unveiled a broad transformation strategy and an executive shake-up.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** BIRD  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **DocuSign** — The electronic signature platform dropped nearly 14% despite an earnings and revenue beat. However, DocuSign announced CFO Cynthia Gaylor would step down later this year. The stock was also downgraded by JPMorgan to underweight from neutral. The firm cited deteriorating demand trends, potential competition from Microsoft and Gaylor’s departure.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** DOCU  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Oracle** — The software company dropped 4.9% after revenue for its latest quarter missed analysts’ expectations. Oracle posted $12.4 billion, compared with Wall Street’s estimates of $12.42 billion, according to Refinitiv.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** ORCL  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Gap** — The apparel retailer saw its shares drop more than 7% after it announced a big quarterly loss, declining sales and a series of executive changes. It also issued weaker-than-expected guidance for its first quarter and full-year revenue, according to Refinitiv.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** GPS  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Vail Resorts** — The stock lost 2% following a mixed financial report for its second fiscal quarter and weak guidance that included earnings that fell short of analysts’ estimates. The company’s guidance on net income and adjusted EBITDA for the year leading up to July also came in under analysts’ expectations.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MTN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Roblox** — Shares climbed 2.9% after Jefferies upgraded Roblox to buy from hold. The Wall Street firm said it’s confident the online gaming platform will continue to show strong growth in spite of macro pressures.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** RBLX  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  #**FULL DISCLOSURE:**  &gt; /u/bigbear0083 has no positions in any stocks mentioned. Reddit, moderators, and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts. Analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk.  *****  #**DISCUSS!**  What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/StockMarket?  *****  # **I hope you all have an excellent final trading day of this week ahead on this Friday, March 10th, 2023! :)**,;,; 2023-03-10 13:27:25]
[(4/3) Monday's Pre-Market Stock Movers &amp; News,;,; # Good Monday morning traders and investors of the r/StockMarket sub! Welcome to the new trading week, month and quarter and a fresh start! Here are your pre-market stock movers &amp; news on this Monday, April 3rd, 2023-  *****  # [S&amp;P 500, Nasdaq futures slide on oil spike as second-quarter trading begins: Live updates]( ***** &gt; S&amp;P 500 futures were lower as a spike in oil prices added another threat to an economy already struggling from Federal Reserve rate hikes and recent turmoil in the banking sector. ***** &gt; Nasdaq-100 futures shed 0.8%, while S&amp;P 500 futures fell 0.1% as second-quarter trading began. ***** &gt; Futures for the Dow Jones Industrial Average ticked up 134 points, or 0.4%. Chevron is set to give the index a boost as it gained 4.5% in pre-market trading on the spike in oil prices. ***** &gt; The output cut from OPEC+, which is slashing 1.16 million barrels per day, sent oil prices soaring. West Texas Intermediate crude was 6.6% higher, while international benchmark Brent crude climbed 6%. ***** &gt; Traders are shedding optimism from recent market strength with the prospect of higher oil prices adding to fears of higher inflation and a looming recession. ***** &gt; The Energy Select Sector SPDR fund (XLE), which tracks the S&amp;P 500 energy sector, also popped more than 3% in the premarket. Marathon Oil and Halliburton were the fund’s best performers, rising more than 6% each. ***** &gt; All three major averages were positive in the first quarter, despite turmoil in the banking sector highlighted by the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank in March. The Nasdaq Composite led the way in the quarter with a gain of 16.8% while the S&amp;P 500 rose 7% in the first three months of the year for its second-straight positive quarter. The Dow industrials lagged but still managed to grind out an advance of 0.4%. ***** &gt; “For now at least, tech is seen as a safe haven of all things, immune to the news in banking. The S&amp;P 500, in turn, seems held together by its own heavy weighting in tech, names like Microsoft, Apple and the like,” Wellington Shields technical analyst Frank Gretz said in a note to clients. ***** &gt; The first week of the new quarter is a shortened one for Wall Street, as trading will be closed for Good Friday. However, there will be several key pieces of economic data for investors, including job openings data on Tuesday, ADP private payrolls report on Wednesday and the closely watched monthly jobs report on Friday.  *****  #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR STOCK FUTURES CHARTS!](  *****  #LAST WEEK'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LAST WEEK'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #LAST WEEK'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LAST WEEK'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$SAIC $CAG $LW $AYI $STZ $FLGC $MSM $OCX $DLO $RPM $LEVI $SMPL $LNN $APLD $SCHN $EGY $IONM $KRUS $GNLN $SGH $RELL $WDFC $FRLN $SNAX $ZENV $CLIR $RGP $SLP $SDRL $NG*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$EAST $SAIC $WLMS $FLGC $FSI $OCX $VTSI $IONM $MIRO $ELBM $TIVC*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES!]()**) (NONE.)  *****  #FRIDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR FRIDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES!](  *****  #FRIDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR FRIDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS!](  *****  #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #2!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S MOST ACTIVE TRENDING TICKERS ON STOCKTWITS:  * TSLA * SOFI * AI * OXY * WWE * BUD * GFAI * CLF * ANVS * CRSP  *****  #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(**source: [cnbc.com](  *****  &gt; **Energy stocks** — Energy stocks rose broadly Monday after OPEC surprised the market by announcing a production cut. This led some analysts to warn oil prices could reach $100 per barrel. Marathon Oil rose more than 7%, while Halliburton, APA and Occidental Petroleum each gained more than 6%.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MRO  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Marqeta** — The payment services stock dropped 4.2% after Morgan Stanley downgraded Marqeta to equal weight from overweight. The firm said the company faces a “multitude of headwinds” in the next year.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MQ  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Extra Space Storage, Life Storage** — Extra Space Storage said it would acquire Life Storage in an all-stock transaction for $145.82 per share, an 11.2% premium to where the stock closed Friday. The deal would create a storage unit operator with a pro forma equity market capitalization of about $36 billion and a total enterprise value of roughly $47 billion. The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2023. Extra Space shares dropped 4.9% following the announcement; Life Storage shares climbed about 1.7%.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** EXR  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Sunnova Energy** — The solar energy company’s shares were up by more than 5%. Morgan Stanley initiated Sunnova with an overweight rating, noting the stock could more than double in value. Sunnova shares have dropped 13.3% in 2023.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** NOVA  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Vulcan Materials** — The construction stock could move in early trading on the back of a Goldman Sachs upgrade to buy from neutral. Goldman said the company should see a better year ahead as inflation cools.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** VMC  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **World Wrestling Entertainment** — Shares of WWE lost 6% on the news that Endeavor Group, the parent company of UFC, would spin off UFC and merge it with WWE in a deal valued at $21 billion. CNBC first reported news of the potential deal on Sunday.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** WWE  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Macy’s** — The department store popped 3.8% after being upgraded by JPMorgan to overweight from neutral. The Wall Street firm, which raised its price target on the retailer, said it has confidence in Macy’s bottom-line plan and expects to see multiyear EBITDA margins in the low double digits. Shares of Macy’s have declined about 13.1% so far this year, driven by selloffs in February and March.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** M  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **SL Green Realty** — Shares of the real estate investment trust rose more than 3% premarket after BMO upgraded them to outperform, saying the third-most heavily shorted U.S. REIT is oversold given its historically low valuation and several catalysts are “on the horizon.”  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** SLG  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Tesla** — The stock was down 3.1% after Tesla reported on Sunday that it delivered 422,875 vehicles for the first quarter of 2023, falling short of Wall Street’s expectations. Analysts surveyed by FactSet had expected the EV maker to report deliveries around 432,000 vehicles for the quarter. Estimates included in the FactSet analysis ranged from an expected 410,000 to 451,000 deliveries.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** TSLA  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  #**FULL DISCLOSURE:**  &gt; /u/bigbear0083 has no positions in any stocks mentioned. Reddit, moderators, and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts. Analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk.  *****  #**DISCUSS!**  What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/StockMarket?  *****  # **I hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this Monday, April 3rd, 2023! :)**,;,; 2023-04-03 13:06:21]
[(3/7) Tuesday's Pre-Market Stock Movers &amp; News,;,; #Good morning traders and investors of the r/StockMarket sub! Welcome to the new trading day and a fresh start! Here are your pre-market stock movers &amp; news on this Tuesday, March the 7th, 2023-  *****  # [Stock futures inch higher as Wall Street awaits Fed Chair Powell’s comments: Live updates](  ***** &gt; U.S. stock futures traded marginally higher on Tuesday as traders await Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell’s latest comments on the state of the economy. ***** &gt; Dow Jones Industrial Average futures traded flat. S&amp;P 500 futures gained 0.1%, while Nasdaq-100 futures added 0.2%. ***** &gt; Dick’s Sporting Goods shares popped in premarket trading on a strong holiday quarter. WW International, also known as WeightWatchers, leapt 14% as it shared plans to acquire Sequence, a subscription telehealth platform with a focus on chronic weight management. ***** &gt; The major averages are coming off a session that featured mild gains. The Dow on Monday advanced 0.1%, along with the S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq Composite. ***** &gt; Stocks were higher to start the day after Goldman Sachs initiated coverage of Apple with a buy rating, lifting both the iPhone maker and the broader market. Apple makes up about 7% of the S&amp;P 500. Other mega-cap tech stocks such as Alphabet and Microsoft also advanced. ***** &gt; However, the major averages gave up most of those gains following a slight rise in bond yields. Investors have been troubled by moves in the bond market after the 10-year Treasury yield recently topped a key 4% threshold. ***** &gt; “It really just felt like back to kind of those 2020 days where a handful of the FANG names were doing a lot of the heavy lifting, and to us, that suggests this rally is feeling a bit on its last legs,” BTIG’s Jonathan Krinsky said Monday on CNBC’s “Closing Bell.” ***** &gt; On deck Tuesday and Wednesday is congressional testimony from Fed Chair Powell, who will give remarks on where he sees the U.S. economy — and what he expects for interest rates to go from here. ***** &gt; January wholesale inventories data is set to release Tuesday after the opening bell, giving investors insight into the consumer economy. Economists polled by Dow Jones expect a decline of 0.4%, compared to a rise of 0.1% in the prior reading. ***** &gt; Consumer credit data expected Tuesday afternoon is forecasted to show a rise of $22 billion in January, according to consensus estimates from Dow Jones. That would follow a $11.6 billion increase the prior month.  *****  #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR STOCK FUTURES CHARTS!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$CRWD $SE $DKS $CIEN $JD $AZUL $ULTA $DOCU $MDB $BDSX $BJ $HPK $SOUN $NTNX $ADAP $DRIO $RIDE $TCOM $SQSP $CPB $FSTR $BNGO $AUTL $DOMO $SNCE $NINE $RNGR $DOLE $GPS $THO $PSFE $AVAV $CARA $GWRE $VFF $BBAR $ESTE $GOL $ASAN $ORCL $XXII $CASY $FERG $DAVE $WW $GEVO $PASG $FRWG*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$SE $DKS $DOLE $SQSP $RNGR $THO $AUTL $FERG $FWRG $CAN $MASS $AFCG $TRMR $LSEA $ENFN $CVGI $SEAT $VRNA $TCRT $VYGR $STIM $SWIM $SOPH $ESAB $MCRB $CORR $BKSY $OPTN $PERF*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #2!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS!](  *****  #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #2!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S MOST ACTIVE TRENDING TICKERS ON STOCKTWITS:  * SE * DKS * ASTS * MCRB * SLND * META * JBLU * SRRK * STIM * VYGR  *****  #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(**source: [cnbc.com](  *****  &gt; **Meta** — Meta shares gained 2% after a Bloomberg report announced that the company is planning another round of layoffs as soon as this week. The company previously cut 13% of its workforce in November as part of CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s efforts to make the company more profitable.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** META  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Rivian** — The electric-vehicle maker dropped nearly 7% after announcing Monday it plans to sell $1.3 billion worth of bonds. The capital will help facilitate the launch of Rivian’s R2 vehicles, a spokesperson told Reuters.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** RIVN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **WW International** — Shares of company formerly known as Weight Watchers jumped as much as 17.6% in premarket trading after announcing a deal to acquire telehealth firm Sequence. The move could help WW push into the anti-obesity drug market. WW also released fourth-quarter results, showing shrinking revenue year over year and a net loss of $32.5 million. The stock is still trading below $5 a share, however, with a small market cap.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** WW  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Joby Aviation** — The electric-aircraft maker fell more than 4% after being downgraded to sell from hold by Deutsche Bank. The Wall Street firm said the aircraft’s weight has raised questions and led him to wonder if the design is “overly aggressive.”  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** JOBY  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Dick’s Sporting Goods** -- The sporting-good retailer rallied more than 6% after its fourth-quarter results topped Wall Street’s expectations. Same-store sales increased 5.3%, more than double analysts’ estimates of 2.1%, according to StreetAccount.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** DKS  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **KeyCorp** — The bank shed 2.3% after issuing full-year net interest income guidance that was lower than prior guidance, according to an 8-K filing on Monday.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** KEY  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Juniper Networks** — The network hardware company added more than 1% after Goldman Sachs initiatived coverage of the stock with a buy rating. Its price target of $39 implies 24.5% upside from Monday’s close.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** JNPR  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Mineralys Therapeutics** — The health-care company gained about 3% after Credit Suisse initiated coverage of the stock with an outperform rating and $40 price target, which suggests upside of more than 100%. The Wall Street firm said there is a large unmet need for resistant hypertension treatment and said Mineralys has “potential best-in-class” data.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MLYS  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Hesai Group** — The stock gained 1.4% in light premarket trading after Morgan Stanley initiated coverage of the stock with an overweight rating and $26.50 price target, which implies nearly 40% upside. The Wall Street firm said Hensai “outshines peers, with its superior scale and margin, and its strong project pipeline.”  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** HSAI  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  #**FULL DISCLOSURE:**  &gt; /u/bigbear0083 has no positions in any stocks mentioned. Reddit, moderators, and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts. Analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk.  *****  #**DISCUSS!**  What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/StockMarket?  *****  # **I hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this Tuesday, March 7th, 2023! :)**,;,; 2023-03-07 13:30:00]
[Wall Street Week Ahead for the trading week beginning February 27th, 2023,;,; Good Friday evening to all of you here on r/StockMarket! I hope everyone on this sub made out pretty nicely in the market this week, and are ready for the new trading week ahead. :)  Here is everything you need to know to get you ready for the trading week beginning February 27th, 2023.  # **Stocks close lower Friday after hot inflation report; major averages log worst week in 2023: Live updates - [(Source)]( ***** &gt; U.S. stocks fell sharply Friday, wrapping up their worst week of 2023, after the Federal Reserve’s preferred inflation gauge showed a stronger-than-expected increase in prices last month. ***** &gt; The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 336.99 points, or 1.0%, to end at 32,816.92. The S&amp;P 500 dropped 1% to close at 3,970.04. The Nasdaq Composite slid 1.7% to end at 11,394.94. The Dow fell as much as 510 points, or 1.54%, earlier in the trading session. ***** &gt; The major averages also ended the week with their biggest losses in 2023. The S&amp;P 500 was down 2.7%, marking its worst week since Dec. 9. The Dow fell almost 3.0% this week — its fourth straight losing week. The Nasdaq closed 3.3% lower, notching its second negative week in three. ***** &gt; Boeing shares slipped more than 4% after the company temporarily halted delivery of its 787 Dreamliners over a fuselage issue. Shares of Microsoft and Home Depot fell 2.2% and 0.9%, respectively. ***** &gt; The core personal consumption expenditures price index, the Fed’s preferred measurement of inflation, rose 0.6% in January and 4.7% from the prior year, coming in above economists’ expectations. ***** &gt; The report added to worries that the Fed may have to keep rates higher for longer to quell inflationary pressures. ***** &gt; Liz Ann Sonders, chief investment strategist at Charles Schwab, believes there is more to the market’s downturn besides the PCE numbers. ***** &gt; “Another reason why the market is having trouble to some degree, I think, is not just about inflation being hotter or concerns that the Fed has to stay tighter for longer,” Sonders said on Friday. ***** &gt; “But there was just a lot of speculation that kicked back in —speculative froth. And the market tends to move in a contrarian fashion when sentiment gets a little too frothy. So I think some of the move has has to do with sentiment. Not just these macro forces,” she added. ***** &gt; The strategist believes that inflation cannot come down without a broader economic downturn. ***** &gt; “I think something would have to give either broadly in the economy, or more specifically in the labor market, to bring the immaculate disappearance of inflation,” Sonders said. “Without that commensurate hit to the economy or the labor market, I think it’s a stretch.”  *****  # **This past week saw the following moves in the S&amp;P:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL S&amp;P TREE MAP FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE S&amp;P SECTORS FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Indices for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR INDICES FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Futures Markets as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR FUTURES INDICES AS OF FRIDAY!](  # **Economic Calendar for the Week Ahead:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL ECONOMIC CALENDAR FOR THE WEEK AHEAD!](  # **Percentage Changes for the Major Indices, WTD, MTD, QTD, YTD as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for the Past Week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Pullback/Correction Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Rally Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Here are the upcoming IPO's for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Friday's Stock Analyst Upgrades &amp; Downgrades:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #1!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #2!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #3!](  *****  &gt; # Mixed Signals  &gt; There's a ton of debate over whether or not the S&amp;P 500's 2022 closing low in October marked the start of a new bull market (20%+ rally on a closing basis without a 20% decline in between) or was just a pause in what is likely to be another leg lower. From the bear's perspective, the tepidness of the rally off those October lows stands out. Already more than four months past those lows, the S&amp;P 500 is only up 10.8%, and its maximum gain was 16.9%. It's often said, that bottoms tend to be so short-lived that the market gives investors a narrow window to get in near the lows, but here we are 135 days removed from that October low, and the S&amp;P 500 still hasn't reached the 20% threshold for a bull market. To put that in perspective, to find a bull market where it took the S&amp;P 500 longer to reach the 20% bull market threshold, you have to go back to 1962; the ten bull markets between then and now all reached the 20% point faster and the average number of days that elapsed from the closing low to 20% was 57 days.  &gt; Although the market's rally off the October lows has been relatively muted, sector leadership since those lows has hardly been led by defensive sectors. As shown in the chart below, Utilities, Consumer Staples, and Health Care are all up since those October lows, but all three are also underperforming the S&amp;P 500. Meanwhile, cyclical sectors like Materials, Industrials, Financials, and Technology are all handily outperforming the S&amp;P 500. In addition, despite all the concern about higher rates, the Real Estate sector has still managed to outperform.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Looking more recently at sector performance YTD, it's a similar trend. Consumer Discretionary, Technology, and Communication Services have all outperformed the S&amp;P 500 by a factor of at least 2x while defensive-oriented sectors are not only underperforming the market, but they're also down YTD. The market may not exactly be following the bull market playbook, but sector leadership isn't following a recessionary playbook either.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Can the US Manage Its Debt?  &gt; The US national debt is about $31 trillion right now, which is equivalent to about 120% of GDP (as of the third quarter of 2022). Massive, but also note that this is down from a peak of 135% in the second quarter of 2020.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; As a point of clarification, the US government typically racks up a deficit each year: which is the amount by which spending exceeds revenues. And accumulated deficits over time represent the national debt. Here’s a helpful graphic from the US treasury:  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Here’s the thing though: looking at debt-to-GDP is sort of like calculating your mortgage balance-to-income ratio. Using the average mortgage debt of $346,000 as of September 2022 and median household income of $71,00, the “debt-to-income” ratio is just under 500%! There’s a reason nobody quotes this number. Of course, GDP is not technically the government’s “income” – only a portion of it is (via taxes).  &gt; Anyway, what really matters is the government’s (or households’) ability to service their debt. And interest rates are a key variable there.  &gt; # With rising interest rates, how can the US manage its debt service? This is a frequent question that we get.  &gt; The short, perhaps glib, answer is Yes. The US can always “manage” debt service because it prints its own currency. And that’s a crucial difference to understand between the US government and you and me – we can’t “print money” to pay off our debt. Or rather, we can print IOUs, but nobody will accept them.  &gt; In all seriousness, US treasuries are considered the safest asset in the world, which includes the belief that the US government will not simply “print money” to service and pay back its debt. So, let’s consider the question of whether the US can manage its debt.  &gt; As you can see from the chart below, interest costs for the Federal Government have exploded higher. This is due to rising interest rates as well as the massive increase in debt over 2020-2021.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; # The other side of the story The good news is that tax receipts have also exploded higher recently. Of course, rising employment helps a lot – there’s a bit of a round-trip here, with fiscal stimulus helping maintain spending and employment, which in turn is holding up tax revenue. Plus, the stock market has moved up a lot in 2020 and 2021, which means capital gains taxes have also increased.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; If you look at interest costs as a percent of tax receipts, things don’t look as scary. The ratio has risen recently to about 23%, but that’s well below the historical average of 27% (from 1947 onwards).  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; What’s interesting about the chart is that you can see that the ratio surged in the early 1980s. That’s because the Volcker interest rate hikes did two things: &gt; * Raised interest rates  &gt; * Sent the economy into a recession, which meant there were less tax receipts as spending and employment fell  &gt; Interest costs as a percent of tax receipts hit a peak of 52% in 1985. Usually, the concern when government interest costs rise is that it “crowds out” private investment. Between Q1 1983 and Q2 1985, interest costs as a percent of tax receipts jumped from 43% to 52%. And private nonresidential investment grew 30% during this period.  &gt; This framework also helps us think about what could happen going forward.  &gt; # Looking ahead &gt; Let’s consider the numerator first, i.e., tax costs. It looks like the Federal Reserve is close to the end of its interest rate hikes, assuming we don’t get another upward inflation shock. Now, deficits are projected to remain high over the next decade, around 6% of GDP, but unless we have an economic shock that also prompts a lot more fiscal stimulus, we are unlikely to see the overall level of debt surge higher like it did in 2020.  &gt; With respect to the denominator, i.e., tax receipts, it is ultimately dependent on economic growth since tax receipts are a function of that. As long as GDP rises, the debt-to-GDP ratio should remain stable (or fall), and tax receipts will continue to rise. This is why debt-to-GDP fell from 135% in 2022 to 120% in 2020: rather than debt going down, GDP went up. Nominal GDP rose 12.2% in 2021 and 7.3% in 2022.  &gt; The key for tax receipts to hold up is for the economy to avoid a recession. And that is our base case right now, that there will be no recession.  &gt; So yes, we believe the US debt and interest costs are certainly manageable.  *****   &gt; # Interest Rate &amp; Recession Fears Suppress Pre-Election Year Bullishness in February  &gt; February’s strong start was not able to overcome concerns of additional interest rate hikes, recession or generally tepid corporate earnings and guidance. As of today’s close, all market gains in February have been lost and then some. DJIA is off 2.81%, S&amp;P 500 is down 1.94%, NASDAQ has shed 0.80% and Russell 2000 is 2.26% lower. Like recent Februarys the market did rally ahead of mid-month, but now also appears to be weakening in typical fashion in the back half of the month. Historical trends suggest weakness could persist through the end of the month with just a brief bounce possible later this week.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  # **STOCK MARKET VIDEO: Stock Market Analysis Video for Week Ending February 24th, 2023**  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE YOUTUBE VIDEO!](  # **STOCK MARKET VIDEO: ShadowTrader Video Weekly 2/26/23**  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE YOUTUBE VIDEO!]())** (VIDEO NOT YET POSTED.)  *****  Here are the most notable companies (tickers) reporting earnings in this upcoming trading week ahead-  *****  &gt; (*$NIO $FUBO $WEN $NCLH $TGT $OXY $BRK.B $RIVN $LI $AMC $CRM $SNOW $ZM $PLUG $NAT $LOW $COST $VTRS $AZO $CLOV $BBY $WDAY $DLTR $AI $PBR $AXSM $FSR $FREY $CHPT $MARA $KOS $M $KR $OKTA $SPLK $BXSL $TREE $GLP $FSLR $NVAX $AAP $BGNE $MKSI $FRPT $KSS $MRVL $ZS $BLNK $CELH $AVGO*)  *****  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S MOST NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S HIGHEST VOLATILITY EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR MONDAY'S PRE-MARKET NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  &gt; # (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.) **(T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.)** (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.).  &gt; #([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  # DISCUSS!  What are you all watching for in this upcoming trading week?  *****  I hope you all have a wonderful weekend and a great trading week ahead r/StockMarket. :),;,; 2023-02-24 23:38:19]
[Wall Street Week Ahead for the trading week beginning April 10th, 2023,;,; Good Thursday evening to all of you here on r/StockMarket! I hope everyone on this sub made out pretty nicely in the market this week, and are ready for the new trading week ahead. :)  Here is everything you need to know to get you ready for the trading week beginning April 10th, 2023.  # **S&amp;P 500 ends Thursday higher, but suffers its first down week in four: Live updates - [(Source)]( ***** &gt; Tech stocks lifted the S&amp;P 500 into the green Thursday as the market wrapped up the short trading week on a high note despite signs of a weakening labor market. ***** &gt; The S&amp;P 500 rose 0.36% to 4,105.02 after losing as much as 0.50% earlier. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite outperformed with a 0.76% gain to 12,087.96, boosted by a 3.78% rise in Google-parent Alphabet and a 2.55% rally in Microsoft shares. The Dow Jones Industrial Average inched 2.57 points higher to 33,485.29 after losing more than 150 points at its session low. ***** &gt; The S&amp;P 500 still lost 0.1% on the week, posting its first losing week in four. The tech-heavy Nasdaq fell 1.1% this week, while the 30-stock Dow rose 0.6%. ***** &gt; The market remained volatile as the latest weekly jobless claims came in higher than expected, adding to recent signals that pointed to slowing job growth. The expansion in private payrolls was well below expectations in March, ADP said earlier this week. Meanwhile, the number of available positions fell below 10 million in February — a first in almost two years. Job cuts have also soared by nearly fivefold so far this year from a year ago. ***** &gt; Over the past several months, investors had cheered signs of economic cooling on the hope that it could push the Federal Reserve to change course on its interest rate hiking campaign. But they are now wondering if the central bank has gone too far in its bid to cool inflation, tightening the economy to the point of a recession. ***** &gt; “The Fed built a wall with interest rates and now the economy is running into it,” said Jamie Cox, managing partner at Harris Financial Group. ***** &gt; Thursday capped off a shortened trading week with the market closed for Good Friday. Investors will still closely monitor March jobs report Friday morning. Nonfarm payrolls have been showing solid growth despite layoffs across tech and financial sectors, but many believe the trend is poised to reverse soon. ***** &gt; Jobless claims data “lends credence to the idea that the Fed’s rate hikes are beginning to cool down the labor market and slow down the economy,” said Chris Zaccarelli, CIO at Independent Advisor Alliance. “The odds are much higher that it will cause a recession – and even a significant recession – than most people are currently willing to believe.”  *****  # **This past week saw the following moves in the S&amp;P:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL S&amp;P TREE MAP FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE S&amp;P SECTORS FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Indices for this past week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR INDICES FOR THE PAST WEEK!](  # **Major Futures Markets as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MAJOR FUTURES INDICES AS OF FRIDAY!](  # **Economic Calendar for the Week Ahead:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL ECONOMIC CALENDAR FOR THE WEEK AHEAD!](  # **Percentage Changes for the Major Indices, WTD, MTD, QTD, YTD as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **S&amp;P Sectors for the Past Week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Pullback/Correction Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Major Indices Rally Levels as of Friday's close:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Here are the upcoming IPO's for this week:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  # **Friday's Stock Analyst Upgrades &amp; Downgrades:** ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #1!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART LINK #2!](   *****  &gt; # A Big Win for the Bulls  &gt; “We may not know where we are going, but we better know where we stand.” Howard Marks, Co-Founder of Oaktree Capital Management  &gt; A little-known technical indicator triggered in the first quarter, and it could bring smiles to the bulls. This one is known as the December Low indicator, and it is fairly straightforward: when the S&amp;P 500 doesn’t close beneath the December low close, good things have tended to happen the rest of the year. The opposite, of course, is when the December lows are violated in the first quarter. To refresh your memory, that is exactly what happened last year and was one subtle clue that the odds of a dicey rest of ’22 had increased. Given that stocks didn’t break their December low this year, this is one less worry for sure.  &gt; Interestingly, since 1950, stocks held above the December lows 36 times while they broke the lows 37 times. Talk about even Steven. Those are some pretty big sample sizes, and sure enough, the results are quite conclusive.  &gt; Those 36 times the December lows held? The full year was up an incredible 34 times and up an average of 18.6%. The times it failed? The full year was down 0.2% on average and higher less than a coin flip.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; If you wanted to investigate things closer, here are all 36 times it held above the December lows. I added what happened the rest of the year (so the next three quarters) as well, and once again, strong performance was quite normal. We get it. Anything could happen from here, but the truth is it would be quite abnormal to expect a massive bear market and a horrible year for stocks this year.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Here’s the other side to things; what happened when the December low was violated? Once again, the full year and the next three quarters’ returns were much different and weaker. Just a quick glance and some of the worst years ever saw the December lows broken. Years like ’73, ’74, the tech bubble, ’08, and ’22 all made this infamous list.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Odds are, as you read this, I will be on a beach in the Turks and Caicos for Spring Break. (You caught me, I wrote this last week.) So as of right now, I’m not overly concerned about this potentially bullish development; I’m more into those fruity drinks with umbrellas in them, but once I get back home, you better believe this will be one that I’ll be focusing on closely. Or, as Howard Marks said in the quote above, we don’t know where we are going, but we do know we stand on potentially a better backdrop for stocks than most think.  *****  &gt; # What Would Moses Do? Sell Passover  &gt; If Moses were trading stocks in the 21st Century, he would be wise to the seasonal cycles that move the markets year after year and know that Passover is the time to begin considering some portfolio spring cleaning.  &gt; The full Hebrew calendar trading strategy is “Sell Rosh Hashanah-Buy Yom Kippur-Sell Passover.” Passover conveniently occurs in March or April, right near the end of our “Best Six Months” strategy and it’s no coincidence that Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur fall in September and/or October, two dangerous and opportune months.  &gt; DJIA is up 81.8% of the time from Yom Kippur to Passover since 1990 with an average gain of 8.1%.On the flipside DJIA is up 62.5% from Passover to Yom Kippur with an average gain of only 1.2% (not shown). DJIA is up 10.3% since Yom Kippur 2022 as of today’s close.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Claims Get Revised  &gt; Jobless claims were in focus this morning as seasonally adjusted initial claims were surprisingly high at 228K versus expectations of 200K. Previously, adjusted claims had consistently come in well below 200K with 10 readings below that level in the last 11 weeks. However, that large increase in the most recent week's data was matched with large revisions to the past couple of years' data as the BLS updated its seasonal adjustment methodology. The net impact of those changes was to redistribute claims throughout the year, revising up readings from Q1 and Q4 while Q2 and Q3 were revised down; total or average annual readings were not changed. As discussed in greater detail on the BLS website and we will review in more depth in tonight's Closer, there are two methods for seasonal adjustment: multiplicative or additive. Most of the time the claims data has used multiplicative seasonal factoring, but periods like the first year of the pandemic in which the indicator experiences unusually large level increases means an additive approach becomes more apt. This week, the BLS applied a new hybrid approach with additive factoring applied from early March 2020 through mid-2021 and multiplicative factoring for all other periods.  &gt; As shown below, that change back to multiplicative factoring resulted in some large revisions for initial claims over the past couple of years. In turn, that has dramatically changed the picture jobless claims have painted. Previously (red line in chart below) claims had been more or less trending sideways after bottoming around a year ago, but after these revisions (blue line) claims are trending upwards and bottomed this past September. In addition, the upward revision to 247K to the print from two weeks ago would mark the highest level since January 2022.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; As for the non-seasonally adjusted data, the story is much less noisy being unaffected by the aforementioned revisions. In other words, the overall picture for claims hasn't changed when looking at this series. Claims remain near historically healthy levels consistent with the few years prior to the pandemic. Granted, those are off the strongest readings from last year. At this point of the year, claims are also trending lower as could be expected based on seasonal patterns. The next couple of weeks may see claims move higher because of seasonality, though, that would likely prove to be a temporary bump in the road with claims resuming the trend lower through the late spring.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; The revision likewise impacted continuing claims which rose to 1.823 million in the most recent week. That brings claims back up to the highest levels since December 2021 as they have risen sequentially for three weeks in a row.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Sentiment Back to Bullish  &gt; Sentiment saw a huge rebound this week based on the latest AAII survey. With the S&amp;P 500 taking out early March highs late last week, bullish sentiment jumped 10.8 percentage points to 33.3%. Although there was a higher level of bullish sentiment as recently as February 16th, this week's increase was the largest WoW jump since June of last year. Even though a double-digit jump in bullish sentiment sounds significant, S&amp;P 500 performance has been unremarkable following similar instances historically.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; The rise in bullish sentiment borrowed almost entirely from those reporting as bearish. Bearish sentiment fell 10.6 percentage points down to 35%. That is the lowest reading since mid-February and the first double-digit drop since November.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; The huge shift in favor of bulls this week resulted in the bull-bear spread narrowing to -1.7 points. That is the least negative reading in the spread since February when the bull-bear spread had broken a record streak of bearish readings.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; As we noted last week, the AAII survey has been a holdout in showing more optimistic sentiment readings. Whereas other sentiment surveys like the NAAIM exposure index and the Investors Intelligence survey had essentially returned to historical averages, the AAII survey saw firmly bearish sentiment readings with a bull-bear spread of 1.6 standard deviations from its historical average as of last week. Given the quick turnaround this week, the AAII survey is no longer weighing on our Sentiment Composite as it moved back into positive territory indicating bullish sentiment for only the fourth week since the start of 2022.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  &gt; # Looming Debt Ceiling Crisis 2011 Déjà Vu  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Let’s not forget about the looming debt ceiling crisis. It is the same political set up as pre-election year 2011: Democratic President with a split Congress composed of a Democratic Senate majority and a Republican House majority.  &gt; The banking crisis may have been averted, at least for the time being. War in Ukraine drags on, but it still appears more like a protracted Cold War 2.0 scenario that the market has shrugged off. The earnings trough may indeed be ending. But! Let’s be devil’s advocates here.  &gt; The standoff in 2011 between the White House and House Republicans is eerily similar to what’s developing in 2023. Markets topped out on the last trading day of April 2011 and entered a mini-bear phase with S&amp;P down 19.4% on a closing basis before bottoming on October 3.  &gt; 2011’s Worst Six Months were negative with the Dow down 6.7% and S&amp;P down 8.1%. NASDAQ’s Worst 4 Months July-October were down 3.2%. S&amp;P finished the year essentially flat at -0.003%, Dow was up 5.5%, NASDAQ was off 1.8% on the year.  &gt; Uncertainty &amp; headwinds can take a bite out of usual pre-election year gains. Heeding our Best 6 Months MACD Sell Signal when it triggers will likely be the prudent course of action. Review your portfolio. Get prepared to lock in these BSM gains, sell losers &amp; tighten stops.  *****   &gt; # 3 Reasons the Dollar Isn’t Going Away Anytime Soon  &gt; There’s always been talk about the U.S. dollar (USD) losing its dominant currency status globally, but lately, the chatter seems to have increased, especially since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which saw the US impose severe and expansive sanctions on Russia and Russian officials – enabled by the fact that the US treasury has jurisdiction over any transaction that involves the flow of USD. Rising tensions between the US and countries like China and Saudi Arabia have also raised concerns that these countries could price oil sales in Chinese yuan, denting the USD’s dominance in the global oil trade. Never mind the fact that these talks have been going on for several years now.  &gt; The reality is this: the USD’s dominant role is not going to end any time soon, especially since there’s no good alternative. Let’s walk through 3 reasons why, using some great data from a recent Federal Reserve report.  &gt; # 1. The World has confidence in the US, and thereby the U.S. dollar &gt; This confidence doesn’t come out of nowhere. As the Fed report notes, a key function of a currency is:  &gt; *“A store of value which can be saved and retrieved in the future without significant loss of purchasing power.”*  &gt; The US has the world’s deepest and most liquid financial markets thanks to the following:  &gt; * The size of the US economy  &gt; * The strength of the US economy  &gt; * Open trade and capital flows, with fewer restrictions than a lot of other countries  &gt; * Strong rule of law, and property rights, with a history of enforcing them  &gt; This is why, despite the US making up just about 25% of the world economy, about 60% of global foreign currency reserves are denominated in USD. This has fallen from about 71% in 2000 but is still far ahead of other currencies, including the euro (21%), yen (6%), British pound (5%), and Chinese renminbi (2%). And the decline has been taken by various other currencies, as opposed to a single other one.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; # 2. Network effects: The USD is dominant in trade invoicing and international finance &gt; The USD is the world’s most popular medium of exchange when it comes to trade, even beyond North &amp; South America. Outside of Europe, where the euro is naturally dominant, more than 70% of exports are invoiced in US dollars. That’s not likely to change anytime soon, especially with so many countries and companies involved.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; It shouldn’t be a surprise that the popularity of the USD as a medium of exchange means it almost automatically becomes the dominant currency in international banking. Think of all the USD flowing across global banks as companies/customers make payments to each other. 60% of international foreign currency banking claims, i.e., bank deposits denoted in foreign currency, and loans are USD. That’s been fairly stable since 2000 and has increased over the last few years. The euro is second but makes up just about 20%.  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; Network effects can be extremely hard to dislodge. It won’t be easy to convince people across the world that they have to move their assets from the US dollar to another currency, let alone make the switch without any risk.  &gt; # 3. Most important reason is: The US is willing to maintain massive trade deficits &gt; Here are a couple of statistics (as of Q4 2022)  &gt; * The rest of the world held about $7.4 trillion in US treasury securities  &gt; * The rest of the world held about $1 trillion in USD banknotes, which is about 46% of all USD banknotes out there  &gt; These are all “liabilities” of the US government, i.e., loans to the US government. But the real question is, why do foreigners hold so much of these in the first place?  &gt; Part of the answer lies in the first two reasons, but here’s another big one. Foreigners sell a lot of stuff to Americans, about $3.3 trillion worth in 2022 alone. And they got USD in return for all that.  &gt; In an ideal world, foreigners would turn around and use those dollars to purchase stuff made in the USA, and trade would be “balanced”.  &gt; But they don’t. Instead, they bought about $2.1 trillion worth of goods from the US last year.  &gt; *Which means there was an extra $1.2 trillion that foreigners had. What do they do with it?*  &gt; ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  &gt; # The US is willing to supply the rest of the world with treasuries &amp; banknotes  &gt; U.S. dollars can only buy goods and financial assets in the US. Foreigners could buy something in Europe or China, but they’d have to convert the USD to euros/yuan first, and then someone else is left holding USD, and then they have to figure out what to do with those USD.  &gt; Instead, foreigners turn around and buy the safest, most liquid security in the world: US treasuries. Some of them also simply hold USD in cash (or deposits in their local bank). As I noted above, these are liabilities of the US government that the US is more than willing to issue. No other country, including the Eurozone, looks remotely capable or willing to do that anytime soon.  &gt; Which is why there are so many dollars and treasuries held by the rest of the world.  &gt; Could that change as countries decide to trade in their own currencies instead of the USD? Sure, but there’s a problem.  &gt; Take Saudi Arabia and China, for example. The former could sell oil to China in yuan, but then the Saudis have to figure out what to do with those yuan. They’d have to buy assets in China – but there aren’t too many of that, especially Chinese government bonds.  &gt; China has capital controls as well. which means it may not be easy for the Saudis to pull their money out of China in the future, especially during a crisis when the Chinese want to limit outflows. Capital controls are how the Chinese control their currency, and it’s hard to see them letting go of that lever anytime soon.  &gt; In sharp contrast, the Fed is willing to act as the global central bank, supplying dollar liquidity to the rest of the world when there’s a crisis.  &gt; # The global economic model is unlikely to shift &gt; The Chinese could decide they don’t want extra dollars. So instead of selling all the extra stuff they produce to Americans, they could sell it to Europe, the rest of Asia, and Africa. But the thing is, those countries don’t want too many of those goods either – because consumption is not as big a part of their economies (like the US).  &gt; Now, the Chinese could decide not to produce as much, but that is not a recipe for economic success.  &gt; Ideally, their own citizens would buy all the extra stuff they produce. But here’s the problem: Chinese households don’t earn enough to buy all those extra goods, and they save a lot more than Americans. They have to since there’s nothing like Social Security or Medicare there. China then channels these savings into investment, which leads to a lot of buildings, infrastructure, and industrial production, which is what drives their economy.  &gt; The Chinese government could “fix this,” but that involves a significant shift in how their economy works – essentially redistributing national income away from the government and businesses to households. A massive political project that’s unlikely to happen anytime soon.  &gt; It’s not just the Chinese. It’s the Germans, too, along with countries like Taiwan and South Korea, all of whom are reliant on exports to drive their economies.  &gt; A shift away from the economic model that these countries are reliant on to a model that is consumption-led is very difficult. As the previous chart shows, its actually gotten worse over the last few years as US trade deficits grew even more.  &gt; In fact, it would be better for US manufacturers if other countries do switch their economic model. Because that would mean they could buy more stuff that’s made in the US. And trade would be more balanced.  &gt; In any case, there’s no practical alternative to the U.S. dollar right now, and its dominance is likely to remain in place.  *****  # **STOCK MARKET VIDEO: Stock Market Analysis Video for Week Ending April 7th, 2023**  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE YOUTUBE VIDEO!](  # **STOCK MARKET VIDEO: ShadowTrader Video Weekly 4/9/23**  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE YOUTUBE VIDEO!]())** (VIDEO NOT YET POSTED.)  *****  Here are the most notable companies (tickers) reporting earnings in this upcoming trading week ahead-  *****  &gt; (*T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.*)  *****  ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S MOST NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR NEXT WEEK'S HIGHEST VOLATILITY EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR MONDAY'S PRE-MARKET NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES!]( ###### **([CLICK HERE FOR THE MOST NOTABLE EARNINGS RELEASES FOR THE NEXT 2 WEEKS!](  *****  &gt; # (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.) **(T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.)** (T.B.A. THIS WEEKEND.).  &gt; #([CLICK HERE FOR THE CHART!](  *****  # DISCUSS!  What are you all watching for in this upcoming trading week?  *****  I hope you all have a wonderful 3-day weekend and a great trading week ahead r/StockMarket. :),;,; 2023-04-06 21:39:24]
[Microsoft $MSFT at all time high!,;,; Microsoft $MSFT shares rose nearly 1.7% on Friday to $366.63, hitting an all-time for the tech giant.  Shares have climbed more than 11% over the past month, resulting in the Satya Nadella-led firm having a market cap of $2.7T. Investor sentiment has been buoyed by the company's recent quarterly results, which showed better-than-expected growth at its Azure cloud unit, as well as a drop in interest rates.  Earlier this week, Jefferies analyst Brent Thill said Microsoft $MSFT is in one of the best buy cycles seen in a long time, and the deployment of artificial intelligence can catapult its success even further.,;,; 2023-11-10 17:19:01]
[Should buy MSFT or not?,;,; ,;,; 2023-07-11 11:27:34]
[At what price per share is Microsoft ($MSFT) buying Activision ($ATVI)?,;,; I've been looking at $ATVI as a possible arbitrage opportunity (betting that the acquisition goes through), however, I'm unclear on what the exact details are of the acquisition.   At first, it was reported that the purchase price was agreed at $68.7 Billion which was $95 per share but last time I checked, ATVI shares traded at about $92, with a market cap of over $72 Billion.   It wouldn't make sense for shares to trade above the acquisition price, so am I correct in assuming that it's the $95 per share price that will be honoured rather than the $68.7 Billion price?  Would appreciate it if someone could explain how the deal works. Thanks very much.,;,; 2023-07-23 14:13:06]
[MSFT Next quarter guidance + revenue/eps growth,;,;    1)MSFT next quarter guidance: [  MSFT is amazing when it comes to giving guidance. They break down their revenue, expenses, and from here we can actually create an income statement.  2) MSFT next quarter income statement: [  I put a low and a high because MSFT gives us their estimates in ranges. This way you can see the more bullish/conservative numbers. I also this a 12-month EPS calculation here which is just the 4 most recent quarters except I'm using "forward" numbers because q1 2024 earnings has not yet happened.  3)MSFT has recently seen very low revenue growth and EPS growth: [  Their last quarter earnings was for their fiscal 2023 Q4. Now we have the full 2023 year of earnings and the growth was very very weak.  4) MSFT forward PE as well as historical PE: [  Forward PE is over 30+ with a weak year of growth. Not the best valuation atm, but we all know the rally has been fueled by AI optimism.  5) Don't forget about the Activision acquisition: [  This should make revenue and earnings numbers in the future look slightly better.  if for whatever reason you want the spreadsheet, I have it on google sheets which you can view here:  [   ,;,; 2023-08-18 01:21:25]
[MSFT Bing not ready for prime time either,;,; ,;,; 2023-02-26 05:03:50]
[PRE MSFT earnings: getting a job before I lose all my money on calls,;,; I may be regarded but don’t jumo the gun until we know forsure!,;,; 2023-07-25 19:27:59]
[Microsoft ($MSFT), Meta ($META), and Google ($GOOGL) lead earnings waves.,;,;  The stock market rally had another sideways week, with the Dow Jones, S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq composite all drifting lower in continued tight action. Investors await a flood of earnings headlined by **Microsoft** ($**MSFT**), **Amazon.com** ($**AMZN**), **Meta Platforms** ($**META**) and Google parent **Alphabet** ($**GOOGL**).      Buying opportunities haven't been plentiful, and many have fizzled or failed. Earnings season will hit full force in the coming week, offering the potential for the market rally to break out of its rut.  Microsoft, Amazon, Meta and Google are especially important. Microsoft and, arguably, Amazon stock are actionable now. Google stock is close to a buy point while Facebook parent Meta is pulling back after a massive run.  By themselves, they have a big impact on the major indexes. And their comments about future growth in key markets such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, e-commerce and PCs will have a major influence on the tech sector and beyond.     Meanwhile, **First Solar** ($**FSLR**), **Dexcom** ($**DXCM**), **Mobileye** ($**MBLY**), **Boeing** ($**BA**), **ServiceNow** ($**NOW**), **Cloudflare** ($**NET**), **Align Technology** ($**ALGN**), **Fair Issac** ($**FICO**), **Visa** ($**V**) and **Chipotle Mexican Grill** ($**CMG**) are just some of the notable companies reporting this coming week with stocks in or near buy zones.  MBLY stock in particular has an action-packed week, with its IPO lockup expiration on Monday followed by earnings on Wednesday.  **Bed Bath &amp; Beyond** ($**BBBY**) filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Sunday, with the long-ailing housewares retailer struggling with debts and declining sales. BBBY stock has been plunging for a long time, but the meme stock did jump 23% last week despite the prospect of bankruptcy.  Meanwhile, keep an eye out for news on **Shockwave Medical** ($**SWAV**). SWAV stock spiked Friday on a report that **Boston Scientific** ($**BSX**) is mulling a **Shockwave takeover bid**. But the companies haven't said anything.  The video embedded in this article reviewed **Arista Networks** ($**ANET**), **TJX Cos.** ($**TJX**) and **JPMorgan Chase** ($**JPM**).  Microsoft stock is on **IBD Long-Term Leaders**.     ## Dow Jones Futures Today  Dow Jones futures fell 0.2% vs. fair value. S&amp;P 500 futures declined 0.2% and Nasdaq 100 futures slipped 0.2%.  The 10-year Treasury yield dropped 3 basis points to 3.54%.  Remember that overnight action in **Dow futures** and elsewhere doesn't necessarily translate into actual trading in the next regular **stock market** session.     ## Stock Market Rally  The stock market rally didn't have a lot of direction this past week.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average dipped 0.2% in last week's **stock market trading**. The S&amp;P 500 index edged down 0.1%. The Nasdaq composite fell 0.4%. The small-cap Russell 2000 rose 0.6%.  The 10-year Treasury yield rose 5 basis points to 3.57%.  U.S. crude oil futures tumbled 5.5% to $77.87 a barrel last week.  ## ETFs  Among growth ETFs, the Innovator IBD 50 ETF ($**FFTY**) climbed 2.7% last week, while the Innovator IBD Breakout Opportunities ETF ($**BOUT**) dipped 0.4%. The iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF ($**IGV**) nudged down 0.1%, with MSFT stock a major holding. The VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF ($**SMH**) slid 1.5%.  Reflecting more-speculative story stocks, ARK Innovation ETF ($**ARKK**) fell 3% last week and ARK Genomics ETF ($**ARKG**) climbed 1%.  SPDR S&amp;P Metals &amp; Mining ETF ($**XME**) tumbled 4.2% last week. The Global X U.S. Infrastructure Development ETF ($**PAVE**) rose 0.55%. U.S. Global Jets ETF ($**JETS**) ascended 1.8%. SPDR S&amp;P Homebuilders ETF ($**XHB**) rallied 3.4%. The Energy Select SPDR ETF ($**XLE**) slumped 2.6% and The Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund ($**XLV**) dipped 0.2% after five weekly gains.  The Financial Select SPDR ETF ($**XLF**) climbed 1%, with JPM stock a major holding. The SPDR S&amp;P Regional Banking ETF ($**KRE**) advanced 1.5%, but has a long way to go to recover.  [ 2023-04-24 10:49:07]
[Technical Trade Setups: ALL, AMD, and MSFT,;,; Yesterday I posted a longer watchlist in my "Week Ahead" thread.  From that list, below are three trades I believe will trigger this week.  **ALL** \-- long -- target $100.  Price is into a lot of support.  On Friday, price hit the 50% Fib retrace from the 2020 COVID-low to 2022 Spring pivot high.  Just below there is a long ascending TL at 101.40 and a series of pivot highs/lows down to $100.    **AMD** \-- short -- target $100.  Price is coming into a ton of resistance.  It closed Friday above the 38.2% Fib retrace, so in doing so I am looking for price to hit those 3x pivot high/low TLs.    **MSFT** \-- short -- target $286.15.  Price almost put in a short term topping tail, but closed above the 50% Fib retrace.  My target is the point of convergence between a major gap fill and ascending TL since the November 2022 pivot low.   2023-03-19 19:37:29]
[Is this a good reason to buy MSFT stocks?,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-10 02:36:55]
[YTD Performance of the S&amp;P 500 &amp; NASDAQ vs. the Magnificent 7 (Apple $AAPL, Microsoft $MSFT, Google $GOOGL, Amazon $AMZN, Nvidia $NVDA, Tesla $TSLA, and Facebook $META):,;,; ,;,; 2023-06-28 19:46:27]
[What's up with ZScaler $ZS - didn't MSFT recently absorb their business model? Thoughts? (I think it's overvalued with a P/E ratio of 72.83) anyone care to share insight?,;,; ,;,; 2023-09-09 18:28:06]
[I didn’t get that FB 20%, what’s next,;,; I read the news, draw charts,still didn’t get this META’s jump. What’s going on?  Before earning report,I read a lot articles, even I click that TickerQuick, saw the price and chart. The chart always sent me to Finviz not TV. Ha, this is I need to blame.  Blame is just for getting rid of strange mind.  Now, see the chart,  From 10 years’ view, i have to hide TSLA  TSLA          10127%  AMZN growth 1500%  MSFT  1300%  META  1000%  800% before Friday  AAPL  900%  Google  800%  QQQ  600%  From 1 year’ view, most company out from their low stage and soon, AI came out.  MEAT growth  300%  AMZN  104%  MSFT  71%  Google  61%  QQQ  61%  AAPL  61%  TSLA  52%  So, think about AI, think again. If you ignore AI, you out.  And why META can jump 20%, because it’s your gramma’s fund hold it. It’s like your great-grandpa hold Coca Cola. they never sale them.  Now, I know what I will pick next week.  MSFT, AMZN and Google.  And why I won’t worry about it at all. See the QQ chart.  [news](  &amp;#x200B;  [10years](  &amp;#x200B;  [1 year](  &amp;#x200B;  [QQQ](  anybody using this Chrome extension? TickerQuick  &amp;#x200B;  [NVDA]( 2024-02-04 19:50:33]
[Are $GOOGL and $AMZN great long-term buy now?,;,; Hello folks,  $GOOGL  stock is now in a new dip at around $91.79. I already bought some with avg $96.5. I am planning to hold off for the long term. Is it a good buy now? -  considering the AI and supreme court win.  My portfolio is mostly tech stocks like AMZN, MSFT, INTC, and GOOGL. But more than 50% is in GOOGL. I was planning to buy some stocks in AAPL too and start investing in ETFs for diversification.  I  just started in early January 2023 with the intention of long-term holding stocks but I would love to hear from you in this volatile market.  Thanks!,;,; 2023-02-21 22:26:48]
[Which stocks are included in SPY, QQQ and DIA?,;,; I know MSFT is one. What are the other companies that are included in this trifecta of large indices?,;,; 2023-10-24 22:11:00]
[Microsoft SASE Questions,;,; Hi all,  I'd like to understand the market behavior around a series of events.  Microsoft announced they're expanding into SASE, which immediately drops all the long-term big players in that market.   Meanwhile, nearly in concert with that announcement, MS products suffer multiple major breaches, leading to DHS investigation and involvement.      ...etc.  The drop in SASE competitors I can understand in a vacuum, as it would be expected they would suffer competitive Disruption from Microsoft simply because of ease of integration with the existing platform.  However after all the news around the breaches, some other vulnerability announcements, and now the DHS investigation spawned by the MS breaches, MSFT hasn't really fallen noticeably, and PANW, ZS, havent really turned back up (although PANW has an earnings call this week). Cisco dropped and recovered quickly, as did Fortinet (until the 4th of August anyway).  Why is MSFT pricing untroubled by their breaches and associated scrutiny? Something like that on any of their competitors in the cyber space would nose-dive the stock. Alternatively, I'm unclear why MSFT in the SASE offering offers such threat to their competitors for Disruption given MSFTs trends on vulnerability patching and security issues.  I can only presume this is the cyber version of "too big to fail," because they have such a massive portfolio and footprint that even with the bad press theyre just able to shrug it off and still be disruptive, even to longer-term successful players in that space?  Thanks,;,; 2023-08-16 08:10:02]
[Nvidia, AMD stocks fall on report of new AI chip bans from Biden administration,;,; Shares of Nvidia Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. slumped in the extended session Tuesday following a report that the Biden administration is considering a new ban on sales of AI chips to China.  Nvidia shares NVDA,A fell 3% after hours, following a 3.1% gain to close at $418.76, while AMD shares AMD, also fell 3%, after a 2.7% gain in the regular session to close at $110.39.  Late Tuesday, the Wall Street Journal reported the Commerce Department could further block sales of AI chips to China unless U.S. companies first obtain a special license.  The ban would follow upon similar actions last year that threatened $400 million in Nvidia sales, but the company found a workaround in supplying a version of products that avoided the ban.  Both Nvidia and AMD have launched new AI chips this year: Nvidia in March and AMD earlier in the month. Last year’s release of Open AI’s ChatGPT generative AI — with billions of dollars invested by Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.82% — resulted in an explosion of interest in artificial-intelligence technology, prompting luminaries to herald the technology as the biggest thing in tech since … you name it.,;,; 2023-06-27 23:50:53]
[MSFT has been riding the 5d on the daily’s and pulled away from 5d today, also look how many times it’s been rejected from 280 resistance/support. The last time it pulled this far away and hit 280 (March 23rd) it was slapped hard.,;,; ,;,; 2023-03-30 03:55:12]
[Ok Honestley how did i do,;,; I mostly make money on covered calls between Microsoft and Apple and just buying the dip. If you have any tips on how to better the portfolio let me know,;,; 2023-12-26 04:20:18]
[Microsoft Breaks U.S. Market-Cap Record, Surpassing Apple's Previous High,;,; Microsoft hits another market-value milestone, reaching a current market value of $3.114 trillion on a Friday afternoon, as reported by FactSet. This achievement positions Microsoft to exceed Apple’s record market cap of $3.09 trillion from last July. If Microsoft’s stock maintains its current trajectory, trading at an all-time high above $420, it will be the first U.S. company to close a session with a market cap surpassing $3.1 trillion.  (Via WSJ),;,; 2024-02-09 20:09:01]
[Epic V Continues to Show How Little Risk Exists,;,; CPI came in hot, the market doesn't care. NVDA has been pumping all week. MSFT is pumping like crazy too. We saw last week (first week of 2024) a pullback for the first time in a while, but it was instantly wiped out, by you guessed it! Another V!  That's what this market does. There is an answer for every red candle.  Prior to this 0DTE/ free money, endless liquidity world, you would get profit taking. A drop might cause some investors to be concerned and that could lead to  a pullback, but in 2024 (similar to 2023) every single dip is seen as a buying opportunity no matter what. You just buy every dip and you know you can't possibly lose.  I've obviously posted this before, but what is more amazing to me is that as time moves on, the market gets even more unstoppable. More and more are seeing first hand, the new phenomenon in the market. Like we have a low risk market, where something like QQQ is free money.  For those that want to challenge this, again how does it ever stop, when every dip meets an instant V.? That fundamentally means the market will never go down and never stay down, so again how on earth does it ever change? It can't. I am aware we might see some temporary dips, but each one is bought with so much force and fury that the market is guaranteed to keep going up.,;,; 2024-01-11 23:40:53]
[Selling AAPL, looking for assessments of OLN, ZS and WELL,;,; Anyone have thoughts on Olin, Zscaler or Welltower? Looking to reallocate about 20% of my portfolio that is currently invested in APPL. Would also love to hear any picks for small or mid cap companies with really good growth potential as the bulk of my portfolio is pretty balanced. The assets I have in Apple are earmarked for a more risky, higher growth allocation. Since i'm sure people would think i'm crazy to sell APPL, I have a rule not to invest in any companies working on or involved in accelerating the push for generative AI(MSFT, GOOG, META, NVDA). And yes it sucks watching those stocks skyrocket. Luckily I get my entertainment from watching my long term TSLA position and recent RIVN shares fluctuate wildly.,;,; 2023-07-21 05:52:35]
[Fundamentals aside, NVDA is behaving as an AI ETF,;,; While many AI startups are making waves in the industry, few have reached the stage of going public, leaving a void in the public markets for AI-focused investments.  I think NVIDIA currently serves as a de facto investment vehicle for those bullish on AI, an effective proxy for AI growth, acting in essence as an AI ETF.   Which brings the question, why are new AI companies so shy on going public? In contrast with other "bubbles" (e.g dot-com) we are not seeing a lot of action. These companies could capture a lot of interest that now is funnelling to NVDA, MSFT and some other chip companies.,;,; 2023-08-24 17:15:03]
[Why am I bullish on SFY instead of SPY?,;,; A comparison analysis between the holdings of the SPDR S&amp;P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) and the SoFi Select 500 ETF (SFY), I have compiled information from the most recent available data. Below is a table showing the top 10 holdings for each ETF along with their percentage weight in the respective ETFs. This gives an overview of how the ETFs allocate their assets among their top holdings:    Data Sources:  * SPY Holdings: [Stock Analysis]( [Schwab]( [Yahoo Finance]( $485.47 (as of 03:56 PM EST)​ * SFY Holdings: [Stock Analysis]( [Zacks.com]( [Yahoo Finance]( $17.15 (as of 04:00 PM EST)  **Key Observations:**  * Overlap in Holdings: Both ETFs share several common holdings, including major companies like Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and NVIDIA. * Differences in Allocation: The percentage allocation to these common holdings differs between the two ETFs. For example, SPY has a higher allocation to Microsoft and Apple than SFY. * Sector Exposure: While this table focuses on the top holdings, the ETFs may have different exposures to various sectors. For instance, SPY is known for its significant technology sector weighting.  It's important to note that the full list of holdings for both ETFs includes many more companies, and these top 10 holdings represent only a part of the entire portfolio. When comparing ETFs, investors should consider the full portfolio, investment strategy, and other factors like expense ratio, performance history, and sector allocation.  I can provide a general analysis that could support why I'm bullish on the SoFi Select 500 ETF (SFY) compared to the SPDR S&amp;P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) and It's important to remember that this is not personalized financial advice, but an interpretation of potential factors:  1. **Expense Ratio**: SFY is known for its low or zero expense ratio, which can be attractive for cost-conscious investors. Lower fees mean more of your investment goes to work in the market. 2. **Stock Selection Methodology**: SFY uses a slightly different approach in stock selection within the S&amp;P 500 universe, potentially focusing on stocks with specific characteristics that might be appealing depending on your investment philosophy. 3. **Performance Trends**: If recent performance trends of SFY align better with your investment goals than SPY, this could be a reason for a bullish stance. However, past performance is not indicative of future results. 4. **Portfolio Diversification**: Depending on the current composition of your portfolio, SFY might offer better diversification in line with your investment strategy. 5. **Market Positioning**: SFY's unique weighting methodology could position it well to capitalize on certain market trends or sectors you believe will outperform. 6. **Innovative Approach of SoFi**: Being a newer and more technology-oriented financial company, SoFi's approach to ETFs might align with a more forward-thinking investment strategy.  It is crucial to conduct thorough research and consider your own investment goals and risk tolerance. Additionally, consulting with a financial advisor for personalized advice is always recommended.  **What are your thoughts?**,;,; 2024-01-24 21:46:21]
[Surely Microsoft stock didn’t drop over 100 right? Why does this happen? Is it a glitch?,;,; ,;,; 2024-02-18 02:11:23]
[Can anyone help me explain NVDA?,;,; Hi,  I understand the top performance of the stock, their product innovation and quality, but this thing seems a bit over the top.  I'm modeling a revenue growth of 25% next year, and 20% p.a. for the next 4, which converges to a riskfree rate after that and reaches a massive $190B in sales in 10 years.   I even bump up the margins at 52% in that period, giving me an operating income of $103B in 10 years (this puts the company on par with what AAPL and MSFT make today), and is something that no hardware company makes close to - Yes, I'm aware its not 100% hardware because of CUDA.  Finally, after all is subtracted, I model a bottom line of $38B as free cash flows in year 10.  Here's the table, read it left to right as we go from the revenue to the free cash flows:  [NVDA Valuation Table](  And still, I get an intrinsic value of the company around $650B, a good +50% lower than the $1.4T at which NVDA trades today.  Here are the model outputs on the right:  [NVDA DCF Valuation Output](  What am I missing?   Can a NVDA bull explain the case for the $1.4T equity value? I understand that people sometimes just trade momentum, but maybe I'm wrong and I want to know if there is a scenario that the $1.4B can actually be justified?  Thanks!     P.S. I did an inverse on the model, and find that at maturity, NVDA needs to make about $65B FCFF in order to justify the $1.4T value. Can the company make this?   By this calculation it seems that investors are paying a premium of 7ish years for the stock, IF it manages to execute the projections of the model above.  [NVDA's FCFF at Maturity Best Case Scenario]( 2024-01-11 23:45:39]
[intrinsic value Part 2 "Microsoft",;,; Since you have shown interest in this topic of Microsoft's intrinsic value, here is some more information,;,; 2023-09-16 17:53:29]
[These are the stocks on my watchlist (1/25),;,;    No positions in any stocks long-term but Amazon/Mag7/general broad market indices. (unless otherwise noted in these tickers)  To clarify since I've been asked: I usually make these watchlists premarket, (or from 6:30 to 7 as time permits), but can be delayed if I'm trading the open. These aren't mean to be taken as gospel: they're just my perspective of where a stock could potentially go. Percentages signify what the stock is trading at when I write up the report and are NOT predictions of stock price EOD. Some of the stocks I post are &lt;$500M market cap and are NOT good long-term investments, but are good candidates to day trade.  **TSLA,** liquidity 7/10- Earnings were a slight miss on expectations, signaled 2024 growth may be lower than 2023. Stock down 10% currently.  **LVTX**, liquidity 7/10- Announces collaboration with MRK, up 50% premarket. Small, 65M market cap stock. Might blow up off the open or be a slow bleed. EDIT: Looks like a slow bleed.  **BA,** liquidity 7/10- FAA halts Boeing max product expansion to improve QC, watching 200 level off of this. (204 also notable).  **MSFT**\- liquidity 10/10, Announces job cuts to ATVI, \~2000 people.  **Standing tickers**  **JNPR,** liquidity 9/10 – HPE confirmed to buy JNPR at $40/cash, just leaving this on here for people to be aware, or if you want to play the merger arb.  **NS-** to be acquired by Sunoco for $7B in stock.  **M**\- rejects $5.8B cash bid, saying it is not good enough (21/sh). Sycamore Partners possibly emerging as new bidder.  **SAVE,** liquidity 9/10- SAVE still making massive moves- not worth trading unless we see a news catalyst  **Earnings of note: V, INTC**,;,; 2024-01-25 14:47:20]
[Where can I get the news from?,;,; Whats Happening?  Hello, I'm pretty new to trading, I'm asking myself where can I get informations on Why Stocks rise/fall.  Where are the Sources to read as example      Why are so many tech Stocks jumping down rn?  Msft, Apple, tesla alphabet etc.    They all went harsh down.       Im looking on bloomberg, street insider, finviz. Am I missing or just not understanding something?    I honstely believe I just don't understand something, but even if, I don't even know what im not understanding 😂       It's not that I'm worried about my portfolio, seems like a good timing to buy some, but yet I don't understand where to get the information from.       Something had to happen that so many just fall down.  Is it this kind of 'correction'?      And also how is a correction Happening? Lots od people selling their Stocks for the gains?   Anyone Else as lost as i am rn?  Have a good day:),;,; 2023-06-21 15:42:53]
[ChatGPT preys at Google $GOOG, $GOOGL search's dominance,;,; Google $GOOG, $GOOGL is losing market share in search, if ever so slightly, Bank of America said on Thursday. Google had a 91.6% hold on the search market in October, the investment firm said, citing data from Statcounter. That's down 79 basis points year-over-year, though it's "relatively stable" since ChatGPT launched last year.  Microsoft’s $MSFT Bing saw its market share in search down 48 basis points to 3.1%, while Russia’s Yandex rose 101 basis points. Web data from Similar Web suggests ChatGPT, Bing and Bard, owned by Alphabet’s Google web traffic increased in October while Google was down marginally.  \-Google traffic declined 0.4% month-over-month to 2.8B.  \-Bard traffic was up 2% month-over-month to 8.7M.  \-Bing traffic increased 8% month-over-month to 42.7M.  \-ChatGPT traffic was up 4% month-over-month to 55M and represented roughly 2% of Google’s web traffic, compared to 1.6% in September and 1.8% in August.  “We expect greater LLM integration into search in 2024,” analysts led by Justin Post wrote in a note.,;,; 2023-11-09 20:03:02]
[S&amp;P500 bad performance during inflation proof,;,; Hello,  &amp;#x200B;  I've ran the math and the S&amp;P500 during Covid just followed the money in circulation (M2 money supply). The increase in both was around 33%, so basically the net asset value is flat, as this 33% increase has the same purchasing power. But when I compared some of the top companies in the Indice APPL, MSFT, GOOG, TSLA and AMZN I've noticed that all of them made way more than 33%. Does this indicate it's way better for a safe haven investing **during inflationary times** to just focus on the top 5-10 instead of the "whole" market (the 500 companies).  &amp;#x200B;    I also did the math for the lowest 5 companies currently, as I don't know which they were during 2020 January. Only 1 company beat the 33% inflation and 4 were actually on a major LOSS.  &amp;#x200B;    Considering that S&amp;P500 is influenced more by the top than the bottom companies we can logically assume that the majority of the top companies performed poorly, as they are anywhere close to the absurd returns of the top 5-10.  Has someone done the math for other inflationary times? Is the expectation that those top companies will underperform in the coming years when inflation decreases and the smaller companies will catch up in terms of growth?,;,; 2023-08-31 07:41:18]
[Will Big Tech Slow Down At All? Why/How?,;,; I've got 9/15 $35 SQQQ Calls but I'm getting worried because big tech seems like a force of nature esp with the emergence of AI, it's like they're all on fucking steroids and a correction may be a tiny 5% pullback before it explodes into the stratosphere.  About a month or two ago I was fairly confident in a recession happening, but recently with new data coming out, it seems like there ain't gonna be a recession.   Strong labor market, inflation still sticky but it seems like a pause in June is certain which might mean there wont be any more rate hikes this year, and it seems like people who once thought a recession was coming in the 2nd half of the year and now saying either there ain't a recession coming or the odds of a recession are significantly lower than they use to be.  This is pure speculation but with the emergence of AI it feels like the magnificent 7 (MSFT, AAPL, GOOGL, GOOG, META, NVDA, TSLA) is going to absolutely smash their next earnings calls in late July.   I'm really just looking for opinions on how and why big tech will see a decently sized correction in the near future because the way things look now, it's hard to fathom a big tech EVER slowing down.,;,; 2023-06-06 01:03:44]
[Stock Price Action Simulator?,;,; Not sure if this was discussed before, but what are your opinions on trying to simulate the price action of a certain stock IOT see how an investor’s portfolio may look like in the future?  The idea is to gather data of a certain stock based on the monthly/weekly price action at either the 52-week interval or 5 year interval, then utilize that data to formulate probabilities (ie. what’s the chance of MSFT going up by 5% or tanking 10% in a certain month?). This may have some issues if a stock has been doing stellar for the past 5 years and decides to go capoot the next 5. Nonetheless this could have applications with long term investing where regular contributions are made, with DCAing, etc etc  Anyone actually do something like this to formulate a long term investing plan? Or is that just the tip of the iceberg where there’s more I should know about?,;,; 2023-03-11 06:38:28]
[Portfollio allocation after move from edward jones,;,; Hey guys, I wanted to get your opinion on something. Just for some background, I am 34/M Married (34F) no kids atm, household income is around 200K, only debt is house (about 70K on a 4% mortgage), but we do like to travel a lot. I contribute 15% to my jobs 457 plan biweekly through Lincoln, max out HSA, and have a separate retirement account from an inheritance years ago (sitting with Edward Jones atm). Target retirement date is 2042 - 2045, I get a pension and retiree insurance.  I recently made the decision to ditch my Edward Jones advisor and move everything over to Schwab. I had TDA as a for fun brokerage account, but then got moved to Schwab, that's why I use it. About 6 years ago I received an inheritance, I knew nothing about money and investing at the time, which is why I went to Edward Jones, but I cannot stand the fee's anymore. I have been educating myself the past few years and feel like I am ready to take the plunge to manage it myself. It is currently worth 260,000$ and breaks down as follows --  Roth IRA ( 100% Mutual Funds)  Trad IRA (99% Mutual Funds, 1% cash)  Account 1 ( 47% ETF, 51% Mutual Fund, 2% cash)  Account 2 (44% stock, 21% ETF, 32% Mutual Fund, 2% Cash)  Rate of returns on the account are --  1YR - 18%  3YR - 3.1%  5YR - 9.6%  Once the transfer to Schwab is complete, should I just leave everything like it is and just continue to contribute to what my advisor already had me in? Or does VTI/VTSAX or VOO make more sense? Or even just a target date fund? I have no need for any of this money until retirement and have a higher risk tolerance. Thank you all for your time.  &amp;#x200B;  EDIT (Holdings)  **ROTH** \-- FWMIX / CGMXX / FDTRX / HGIFX / HMDFX / JEMGX / JGSMX / MDIZX  **TRAD** \-- CDDYX / CGMXX / FDTRX /HGIFX / HMDFX / CPBFX / JEMGX / JMVYX / JSCHX / MDIZX  **Account 1** \- ETF ( IVV / IJH / IJR / EFA )  Mutual Fund ( FNPFX / CDDYX / CATYX / FDTRX / MPMNX )  **Account 2** \- ETF ( RSP / IVV / IUSV / IUSG )  Mutual Fund (COFYX / IMEGX / MDIZX)  Stocks ( GOOGL / AMZN/ COST/ JPM / MSFT / SBUX / DIS ),;,; 2023-12-26 20:25:08]
[The tech industry's resilience: no signs of earnings recession despite market volatility,;,;  Last week, big U.S. tech companies began reporting their earnings for the first quarter of 2023. The results were generally ahead of estimates; for example, Alphabet revealed that its revenue grew, and that its rate of decline in earnings slowed down. Meta Platforms and others also put out earnings that were well ahead of expectations.  The results seen from U.S. tech companies last week call into question the narrative that we are in the midst of an “earnings recession.” This year, analysts have been busy cutting corporate earnings estimates because of a belief that earnings will decline due to a poor economy. The actual results posted suggest otherwise. Most of the U.S. tech companies are posting positive revenue growth; a few are even growing their earnings.  ## Microsoft beats earnings  **Microsoft ($MSFT)** was a big winner in last week’s U.S. earnings bonanza. It not only beat expectations but also delivered positive growth in net income, which most of its peers were not able to do. In the first quarter (Q1), MSFT delivered the following:  * $52.86 billion in revenue, up 7% * $22.35 billion in operating income, up 9.7% * $18.3 billion in earnings, up 9.4% * $2.45 in diluted earnings per share (EPS), up 10.3% * A 34.92% profit margin  Overall, it was a very strong quarter. Microsoft easily beat estimates on both revenue and profit, and it guided for further strength in the second quarter. If Microsoft’s results are any indication, then Canadian tech companies might put out good earnings when they report this week.  ## What’s next for Canadian stocks?  This week, Canadian tech companies will begin reporting their first-quarter earnings. These releases will show investors whether the companies in question are growing, profitable, and, overall, worth investing in.  **Shopify ($SHOP)** is one Canadian tech stock that will be reporting soon. Its release comes out on May 4 — the same day that Apple releases its earnings. Most likely, SHOP’s release will be overshadowed by Apple’s more closely watched earnings, but it will be notable in many ways itself.  For one thing, investors will want to know whether Shopify can keep up its high revenue growth. In 2022, Shopify’s revenue growth decelerated considerably, falling into the low teens. In the fourth quarter, it picked up a little, reaching 26%. Revenue deceleration has been a concern for Shopify, which was previously growing outrageously quickly (sales increased 86% in 2020), but lost its growth in 2022. If revenue growth picks up again, particularly if it exceeds the rate of growth analysts expect, then SHOP stock will likely rally.  Another thing investors will be watching in Shopify’s first-quarter earnings release is its profitability. Shopify was not profitable last quarter, partially because of losses on its stock portfolio. However, now, with tech stocks rising, Shopify may be able to become profitable again. It already has positive gross profit, but it’s suffering from the earnings impact of a weak stock market. There is a decent chance that Shopify will turn profitable in Q1, but it’s not guaranteed. Therefore, it’s something that investors will want to watch closely in SHOP’s Q1 earnings release.,;,; 2023-05-02 10:36:47]
[These are the stocks on my watchlist (1/30),;,;     No positions in any stocks long-term but FAANG/general broad market indices. (unless otherwise noted in these tickers)  To clarify since I've been asked: I usually make these watchlists premarket, (or from 6:30 to 7 as time permits), but can be delayed if I'm trading the open. These aren't mean to be taken as gospel: they're just my perspective of where a stock could potentially go. Percentages signify what the stock is trading at when I write up the report and are NOT predictions of stock price EOD. Some of the stocks I post are &lt;$500M market cap and are NOT good long-term investments, but are good candidates to day trade.  News : [JetBlue, Spirit Seek Expedited Appeal of Order Blocking Merger](  **AMD**, liquidity 10/10- Earnings post-market  **EA,** liquidity 8/10, earnings post-market.  **GOOG**, liquidity 10/10- earnings post-market.   **MSFT**, liquidity 10/10- earnings post-market.   **SBUX**, liquidity 9/10- earnings post-market.   **GM, liquidity 9/10-** beat earnings handily with strong guidance, worth watching 39,  and 40 levels if we move higher. As you can see at the open we moved an entire point up/down.     **ATGE-**  Selloff due to short position from [Safkhet Capital](    **PXLW**, liquidity (7/10)- Pixar and Pixelwroks enter multi-year agreement, stock up close to 50%. 2.50 level worth watching.     **MOTS,** liquidity (8/10)—Up close to 50% premarket due to phase 3 clincail trials meeting endpoints, back to flat currently. Worth watching further for continued order flow.     **Standing tickers**  **JNPR,** liquidity 9/10 – HPE confirmed to buy JNPR at $40/cash, just leaving this on here for people to be aware, or if you want to play the merger arb.  **NS-** to be acquired by Sunoco for $7B in stock.  **M-** rejects $5.8B cash bid, saying it is not good enough (21/sh). Sycamore Partners possibly emerging as new bidder.  **SAVE,** liquidity 9/10- Next possible catalyst is if the merger is terminated, massive sell orders come in and I play the bounce (if the move is massive). Stock is slightly up due to expedited appeal  seeking,;,; 2024-01-30 15:22:06]
[Economic Events and Notable Earnings for the week starting 01-29,;,; This Wednesday, we have an FOMC event.  Mon  - Atlanta Fed President Raphael Bostic speaks - New York Fed 1-year inflation expectations; consumer credit - US House returns from recess - Eurozone economic confidence, retail sales, consumer confidence  Tue  - JOLTS jobs openings - US Conf. Board consumer confidence   Wed  - Fed rate decision, US employment cost index - US Treasury quarterly refunding   Thu  - US ISM Manufacturing, initial jobless claims   Fri (*Jobs Day*)  - US employment report, University of Michigan consumer sentiment, factory orders   *International Economic Events*  Tue  - Australia retail sales - Eurozone economic confidence, GDP, consumer confidence - European Central Bank board members Boris Vujcic and Philip Lane speak  Wed  - Australia CPI - France CPI - Germany CPI - Japan industrial production, retail sales, housing starts - China non-manufacturing PMI, manufacturing PMI - ECB chief economist Philip Lane speaks  Thu  - Bank of England rate decision - Japan PMI - China Caixin manufacturing PMI - Eurozone S&amp;P Global Manufacturing PMI, CPI, unemployment - ECB Governing Council member Mario Centeno speaks   Fri  - ECB Governing Council Member Mario Centeno speaks   **Notable Earnings**  Few of the prominent tech companies are reporting this week,   | Date  | Ticker | | ----- | ---- | | 01-29 |       | |       | SMCI  | | pre   | GM    | |       |       | | 01-30 | GOOGL | |       | MSFT  | |       | AMD   | |       | JNPR  | |       | MTCH  | | pre   | MA    | | pre   | NYCB  | | pre   | BA    | |       | EQR   | | pre   | MA    | | pre   | NVO   | |       |       | | 01-31 |       | |       | QCOM  | |       | MET   | |       | NYCB  | | pre   | BOX   | | pre   | PTON  | | pre   | SIRI  | | pre   | RACE  | | pre   | SHEL  | |       |       | | 02-01 | META  | |       | AMZN  | |       | AAPL  | |       | COUR  | |       | TEAM  | | pre   | CHTR  | | pre   | XOM   | | pre   | CVX   |   \* *pre means before market opens next day.*   **Refs** - Today's feed: [Bl Finance]( - Today's feed: [WSJ Finance]( - [Fed Calendar]( - Events during Week starting 01-08 on [prior post]( 2024-01-30 00:38:56]
[Tesla ($TSLA) stock and six other tech titans are responsible for 86% of the S&amp;P 500 2023 performance.,;,;    Tesla($TSLA) stock **plunged nearly 10% last week on earnings**. That caught everyone's attention, but it was just the tip of the iceberg.  0 seconds of 14 secondsVolume 0%   With roughly one-third of the S&amp;P 500 companies **announcing quarterly earnings results this week**, there are none bigger than tech titans **Alphabet** ($**GOOGL**), **Amazon.com** ($**AMZN**), **Microsoft** ($**MSFT**) and **Meta Platforms** ($META). These four Big Tech stocks alone account for 41% of the S&amp;P 500's 2023 year-to-date gain, according to Nicholas Colas, co-founder of DataTrek Research.  Adding **Apple** ($**AAPL**), which reports next week, **Nvidia** ($**NVDA**) and **Tesla** ($**TSLA**) stock, Colas says these seven tech giants account for 86% of the S&amp;P 500's 2023 gain, which was 7.7% through Monday's close. These seven Big Tech stocks have rallied far more than the S&amp;P 500 this year.  According to Colas, there have been three drivers of outperformance for these tech leaders. First, all seven were deeply oversold at the end of 2022 and received a "January Effect" bounce.  The January Effect is a seasonal increase in stock prices throughout the month of January. The increase in demand for stocks in January is often preceded by a decrease in prices during the month of December, in part due to tax-loss harvesting.     Second, many of these tech companies have been aggressively cutting costs, so earnings power should now be higher than last year. And, finally, interest rates have declined, supporting the valuation of high-multiple stocks, he added.  ## Alphabet, Microsoft Earnings Due  Google-owner Alphabet reports earnings after the closing bell Tuesday. Shares are just below a 106.69 buy point in a **cup with handle**, according to **IBD MarketSmith** chart analysis.  Alphabet earnings are expected to measure $1.08 a share on revenue of $68.8 billion.  Dow Jones software giant Microsoft slid almost 2% midday Tuesday, threatening to extend a losing streak to four sessions ahead of the company's earnings results late Tuesday. MSFT stock is rolling back toward a 276.86 buy point in a **flat base** following a March 17 breakout.  Wall Street expects Microsoft to earn $2.24 a share on revenue of $51.0 billion, per FactSet estimates.     ## Amazon, Meta Earnings Also On Deck  E-commerce giant Amazon continues to trace the right side of a **cup base**, but is seeing resistance around its long-term 200-day moving average.  With earnings due out late Thursday, Amazon is expected to earn 21 cents a share on sales of $124.5 billion.  Facebook parent Meta Platforms will report Wednesday after the stock market closes. Meta stock is out of buy range past a **197.26 buy point** in a flat base, but receding.  The social media giant is expected to earn $2.02 a share on revenue of $27.6 billion.  ## Apple Earnings Next Week  Apple shares reversed squarely lower midday Tuesday. Still, they remain solidly above a 157.48 buy point and at the top of the **5% buy range** that runs up to 165.35.  The Dow Jones tech giant reports its fiscal second-quarter results on May 4. Wall Street expects the iPhone maker to earn $1.43 a share on sales of $92.9 billion.     ## Nvidia Holds Up; Tesla Stock Breaks Down  Graphics-chip maker Nvidia remains near its recent highs despite sharp losses midday Tuesday. Shares declined more than 2% in afternoon trade.  The **IBD Leaderboard stock** broke out past a 230.59 handle buy point after the **company's strong earnings on Feb. 23**.  Electric-vehicle giant Tesla stock continues to trade near its lowest level since Jan. 26. In recent weeks, shares triggered the **7%-8% loss rule** from a buy point at 200.76 in a cup with handle. And they are trading sharply below their 50-day line, a key level.,;,; 2023-04-26 06:14:46]
[EU approves Microsoft’s $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard, clearing huge hurdle,;,; ,;,; 2023-05-15 17:15:40]
[ATH | Leverage | Index Funds and more,;,; I got a few questions as a newbie  &amp;#x200B;  1. Some of the companies I want to invest long-term are either at their ATH or close to ATH, like Microsoft  or Nvidia. I'm wondering whether I should wait for it to drop, because most of the stock market is green this year, so I have a feeling it may drop since it grew so much, what do you think? Some of it just recovered from 2022 to it's pre-2022 state, but Nvidia has 205% growth this year, which is crazy 2. Index funds - the legendary S&amp;P 500. Everyone says it's the most stable etc - but I've found other indexes with even better growth. SP500 usually have the 7-10% yearly return and last 5 years went up 56%, but for example the INDEX Vanguard Growth ETF went up 87% for the last 5 years - and it was also a steady growth, not a lucky spike during one period. What do you think, is it really smart to go with SP500 or are there other ones that are much better, even tho SP500 is so hyped by everyone? and if you agree - what other indexes with better return would you recommend? 3. Leverage - I'm not familiar with how much can you leverage in stocks, but for people that invest in the top 10, which most likely will go up in the future, wouldn't be smarter to invest it with i.e 5x leverage, since the companies like Microsoft are stable, and eventually will grow?  4. Stock Math  - let's say I invest $10.000 in a stock and it declines -50%. I know have $5.000. If it goes up by 50%, do I get $7.500 or do I get my $10.000 back? Logically the first answer, but something doesn't give me a peace of mind here, so I prefer to ask 5. Eli Lilly - what do you think about this stock? Growed massive amount lately, and pharmaceutical industry will definitely be there in 5 or 10 years.,;,; 2023-11-06 14:10:12]
[Expected Moves for this week,;,; [     Use these like any indicator, with caution. Basically gives you an understanding of when we start going into oversold or overbought territories.  1. This is much more useful for index-related products like qqq/spy/iwm/dia because they're likely to see less volatility in relation to individual tickers. 2. With earnings, market participants are placing more options-related bets causing implied volatility to go higher, so this expected move information can help dictate the range in which a stock moves. Obviously, if there are unexpected poison pills in an earnings report or if there are unexpected positive catalysts, you can move outside the deviations. 3. it's expected that 70% of the time we fall within the range by the end of the week/month/quarter. So this means that when we are hitting the upper and lower bounds of this data, we can see oversold or overbought conditions. Now here's where you can pair it together with another tool called RSI. Most people are familiar with RSI. If we break out of the upper expected moves on already high RSI, this can create favorable short setups where you do have probabilities on your side. Now keep in mind point 1 &amp; 2 that I made. You can have overbought + high RSI on individual tickers like MSFT and NVDA because of something that may fundamentally change the company like a new revenue stream. Hence why this is more useful on index-related products. 4. At the end of the day, this is all a game of probability. When you are oversold on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the upside. When you are overbought on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the downside.,;,; 2023-05-08 02:02:45]
[Most Important Stock Market News from Today (03/06/2033),;,; ***Earnings:***  **Lordstown Motors (RIDE)**  * EPS of ($0.45), missing ($0.27) estimate * Rev of $194K, missing $1.25M estimate  **Ciena Corp (CIEN)**  * EPS of $0.64, beating $0.36 estimate * Rev of $1.06B, beating $959.40M estimate  **Trip.com (TCOM)**  * EPS of $0.11, beating ($0.03) estimate * Rev of $730M, beating $702.47M estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Tesla (TSLA)** cuts U.S. Model S and Model X prices between 4% and 9% * **Starbucks (SBUX)** plans to add 100 UK stores in drive-through push * **Realty Income (O)** inks $1.5 billion sale-leaseback deal for Cumberland Farms and other stores * **Vistra (VST)** buying **Energy Harbor Corp** for $3 billion * **BridgeBio (BBIO)** rallies 50% on new data from dwarfism therapy * **E.F. Hutton** taking **Rover** and **Jaguar** EV conversion company **E.C.D** public through SPAC merger * **SiriusXM (SIRI)** laying off 475 employees, cutting 8% of workforce * **Microsoft (MSFT)** brings an AI-powered Copilot to its business app suite * **LIBOR** cracks 5% for first time since 2007, spurred by Fed Outlook * **Altria (MO)** to buy vaping company **NJOY** for $2.75 Billion * Qualtrics (XM) gets $12.4 billion buyout offer from Silver Lake * Former top **Credit Suisse (CS**) shareholder, Harris Associates, sells out of bank * **JetBlue (JBLU) - Spirit (SAVE)** deal faces DOJ Antitrust suit as soon as Tuesday * **Merck’s (MRK)** drug boosts exercise capacity in pulmonary hypertension patients,;,; 2023-03-06 23:49:50]
[Weekly expected moves (including NVDA) + notes on technicals. Enjoy~,;,; [  Use these like any indicator, with caution. Basically gives you an understanding of when we start going into oversold or overbought territories.  1. This is much more useful for index-related products like qqq/spy/iwm/dia because they're likely to see less volatility in relation to individual tickers. 2. With earnings, market participants are placing more options-related bets causing implied volatility to go higher, so this expected move information can help dictate the range in which a stock moves. Obviously, if there are unexpected poison pills in an earnings report or if there are unexpected positive catalysts, you can move outside the deviations. 3. it's expected that 70% of the time we fall within the range by the end of the week/month/quarter. So this means that when we are hitting the upper and lower bounds of this data, we can see oversold or overbought conditions. Now here's where you can pair it together with another tool called RSI. Most people are familiar with RSI. If we break out of the upper expected moves on already high RSI, this can create favorable short setups where you do have probabilities on your side. Now keep in mind point 1 &amp; 2 that I made. You can have overbought + high RSI on individual tickers like MSFT and NVDA because of something that may fundamentally change the company like a new revenue stream. Hence why this is more useful on index-related products. 4. At the end of the day, this is all a game of probability. When you are oversold on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the upside. When you are overbought on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the downside.,;,; 2023-05-21 00:45:55]
[Weekly expected moves on major indices and stocks as well as notes,;,; [     Use these like any indicator, with caution. Basically gives you an understanding of when we start going into oversold or overbought territories.  1. This is much more useful for index-related products like qqq/spy/iwm/dia because they're likely to see less volatility in relation to individual tickers. 2. With earnings, market participants are placing more options-related bets causing implied volatility to go higher, so this expected move information can help dictate the range in which a stock moves. Obviously, if there are unexpected poison pills in an earnings report or if there are unexpected positive catalysts, you can move outside the deviations. 3. it's expected that 70% of the time we fall within the range by the end of the week/month/quarter. So this means that when we are hitting the upper and lower bounds of this data, we can see oversold or overbought conditions. Now here's where you can pair it together with another tool called RSI. Most people are familiar with RSI. If we break out of the upper expected moves on already high RSI, this can create favorable short setups where you do have probabilities on your side. Now keep in mind point 1 &amp; 2 that I made. You can have overbought + high RSI on individual tickers like MSFT and NVDA because of something that may fundamentally change the company like a new revenue stream. Hence why this is more useful on index-related products. 4. At the end of the day, this is all a game of probability. When you are oversold on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the upside. When you are overbought on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the downside.,;,; 2023-05-14 01:16:22]
[🍗 Most Important News from Today in the Stock Market (02/21/23),;,; ***Earnings:***  **Walmart ($WMT)**  * EPS of $1.71 vs $1.52 estimate * Rev of $164.05B vs $159.59B  **Home Depot ($HD)**  * EPS of $3.30 vs $3.28 estimate * Rev of $35.8B vs $35.92B estimate  **Medtronic ($MDT)**  * EPS of $1.30 vs $1.27 estimate * Rev of $7.73B vs $7.53B estimate  **Expeditors ($EXPD)**  * EPS of $1.38 vs $1.98 estimate * Rev of $3.44B vs $4.01B estimate  **Fluor Corp ($FLR)**  * EPS of $0.43 vs $0.47 estimate * Rev of $3.71B vs $3.80B estimate  **Dillards ($DDS)**  * EPS of $16.89 vs $16.61 estimate * Rev of $2.16B vs $2.15B estimate  **Coinbase ($COIN)**  * EPS of ($2.46) vs ($2.39) estimate * Rev of $629.11M vs 586.23M estimate  **Caesars Entertainment ($CZR)**  * EPS of ($0.70) vs ($0.17) estimate * Rev of $2.82B vs $2.80B estimate  **LA-Z-BOY ($LZB)**  * EPS of $0.91 vs $0.66 estimate * Rev of $572.72M vs $529.57M estimate  **Palo Alto ($PANW)**  * EPS of $1.05 vs $0.78 estimate * Rev of $1.7B vs $1.65B estimate  ***Other News:***  * **Ericsson ($ERIC)** to cut 1,400 jobs are orders slow * **Canopy Growth ($CGC)** stock trading lower on $150M registered direct offering * **Perrigo ($PRGO)** raises quarterly divdend by 5% to 27.30 cents a share * Existing home sales unexpectedly fall in January for 12th straight month * **General Mills ($GIS)** hikes guidance for 2023, expects double-digit revenue growth * **Microsoft ($MSFT)** inks **Nvidia ($NVDA)** game deal to assuage over Activision merger * **McKinsey** plans to eliminate 2,000 jobs in one of its biggest rounds of cuts,;,; 2023-02-21 21:40:05]
[Daily U.S. Stock Market News Ticker (Monday, March 6),;,; &amp;#x200B;  Stock News  1. Tesla (TSLA.O) lowered the starting price of Model S/X in the U.S. Model S is now $89,990 (was $94,990), Model S Plaid is now $109,990 (was $114,990); Model X is now $99,990 (was $109,990), Model X Plaid is now $109,990 (was $119,990). 2.  2. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration: Tesla recalls 3,470 U.S. vehicles.  3. Apple's (AAPL.O) self-developed 5G baseband chip development codenamed Ibiza will use TSMC's (TSM.N) 3nm process, according to Taiwanese media reports.  4. Microsoft (MSFT.O) launched Kosmos-1, an all-purpose artificial intelligence model that can process text, audio, images and video like a human mind.  5. Poundland (PDD.O) cross-border e-commerce business will officially enter Australia and New Zealand on March 13.  6. David Herro, chief investment officer of Harris Associates' international equity business, has sold all of the firm's holdings in Credit Suisse (CS.N) Group, after being Credit Suisse's largest shareholder for many years.  7. AstraZeneca (AZN.O) announced that its anti-cancer drug Enhertu has shown clinically meaningful and durable efficacy in its DESTINY-PanTumor Phase 02 clinical trial in multiple advanced solid tumors expressing HER2.  8. Broadcom (AVGO.O) CEO Fuyang Chen: The company expects to benefit from the increasingly compelling AI chatbot boom.  9. UMC (UMC.N): Sales of NT$16.93 billion in February, down 18.6% year-over-year.  10. Honda Motor (HMC.N) said it temporarily suspended accepting new customer orders for its Japanese Civic models due to a shortage of semiconductors.  11. SoftBank Group's chip company ARM plans to raise at least $8 billion in a U.S. IPO this year.,;,; 2023-03-06 12:57:51]
[Weekly expected moves frothy markets,;,;    [  Use these like any indicator, with caution. Basically gives you an understanding of when we start going into oversold or overbought territories.  1. This is much more useful for index-related products like qqq/spy/iwm/dia because they're likely to see less volatility in relation to individual tickers. 2. With earnings, market participants are placing more options-related bets causing implied volatility to go higher, so this expected move information can help dictate the range in which a stock moves. Obviously, if there are unexpected poison pills in an earnings report or if there are unexpected positive catalysts, you can move outside the deviations. 3. it's expected that 70% of the time we fall within the range by the end of the week/month/quarter. So this means that when we are hitting the upper and lower bounds of this data, we can see oversold or overbought conditions. Now here's where you can pair it together with another tool called RSI. Most people are familiar with RSI. If we break out of the upper expected moves on already high RSI, this can create favorable short setups where you do have probabilities on your side. Now keep in mind point 1 &amp; 2 that I made. You can have overbought + high RSI on individual tickers like MSFT and NVDA because of something that may fundamentally change the company like a new revenue stream. Hence why this is more useful on index-related products. 4. At the end of the day, this is all a game of probability. When you are oversold on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the upside. When you are overbought on RSI, and you're several deviations outside the expected move, probability favors the downside.,;,; 2023-05-30 03:23:51]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 28, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes continued to fluctuate, and regional bank stocks opened high and closed high. As of the close, the Dow was up 0.6%, the Nasdaq was down 0.47%, and the S&amp;P was up 0.16%.  The yield on US 10-year Treasury bonds was up by 4.556% to close at 3.534%, which is -47 basis points lower than the yield on two-year Treasury bonds. The VIX was down by 5.24%. Brent crude oil was up by 4.27%, spot gold has been rising since November 22 last year and was down by 1.1% yesterday to close at $1956.4 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from a high level and closed at 102.84.  The banking crisis has eased and the market is now speculating that there is a 50% chance of a US Federal Reserve interest rate hike in May. The stock price of First Citizens Bancshares (FCNCA) was up significantly by 53.74%, reaching a new high not seen since January of the previous year. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), First Citizens Bancshares acquired $72 billion worth of assets from Silicon Valley Bank for $16.5 billion, including all its deposits and loans. FDIC will dispose of about $90 billion in other assets and provide potential liquidity credit of $70 billion. After acquiring Silicon Valley Bank, First Citizens Bancshares still maintains a strong capital adequacy ratio. FDIC is investigating management practices related to the bankruptcy of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. Its chairman, Gruenberg, said that FDIC is ready to use all its power if necessary.  **Trending Stocks**  [**First Citizens BancShares(FCNCA)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Following the announcement of its acquisition of most of Silicon Valley Bank under the receivership of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (FDIC), First Citizens BancShares (FCNCA) saw a significant increase in its stock price, rising by 53.74%.  [**Coinbase Global, Inc(COIN)**](  &amp;#x200B;    The value of Coinbase shares dropped by 7.8%. The CEO of Binance, Zhao Changpeng, and the trading platform itself are facing legal action from the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) over allegations of breaking regulatory guidelines. The CFTC is also seeking a permanent ban on their trading activities.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock decreased by 1.49%. Bing chat has extended the number of times users can chat, allowing for 20 chats per session and 200 chats per day. In partnership with the US Agency for International Development (USAID) and non-profit organization Internews, Microsoft has formed a new public-private partnership.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  Do you want to earn big in 2023? Then you should use our Magic Portfolio to achieve it.2023 has been great year so far with Nasdaq outperforming S&amp;P 500 and Dow Jones, returning more than 15%. With Fed raising 25bps on Mar 23rd and hint there will be only one raise towards the end of year, it is a bull case for the growth stocks. The Small Cap and Growth style Magic Portfolio has an annualized return of 35.78% in the past 10 years, well above the market return. Please click below link for more details. [**Magic Portfolio**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-28 11:47:16]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 20, 2023),;,; On Friday, the three major U.S. stock indexes fluctuated downwards, with regional banks dropping significantly. At the close, the Dow Jones was down 1.19%, the Nasdaq was down 0.74%, and the S&amp;P was down 1.1%. The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury bonds was down 3.991% to close at 3.44%, with a spread of -39 basis points compared to the 2-year Treasury yield. The VIX was up 10.96%, Brent crude oil was down 3.15%, and spot gold continued to rise from November 2022, rising 3.51% yesterday to close at $1986.6 per ounce. The U.S. dollar index continued to fall from its high point, closing at 103.86.  SVB Financial Group has submitted a request for bankruptcy protection in New York. The group has declared that it has approximately $2.2 billion in available funds, and its financial team is currently examining strategic alternatives. The subsidiaries that have applied for bankruptcy protection do not encompass SVB Securities and SVB Capital, and the transitional bank is also excluded from the bankruptcy protection program. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) has denied claims that it will insist potential buyers of signature banks sell off their cryptocurrency operations. As per the Financial Times, the US government is willing to split losses to facilitate the smooth sale of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank.  First Republic Bank has received a $30 billion investment from eleven Wall Street banks, including Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan, and Wells Fargo. The bank has also announced that it is currently examining its balance sheet composition and will temporarily halt stock dividends while focusing on reducing borrowing. Sources have disclosed that UBS and Credit Suisse are opposed to a forced merger. At least four global banks have imposed limitations on the new deal with Credit Suisse, while two banks are reducing their unsecured exposure to the deal. JPMorgan Wealth Management clients have pulled out $8.8 billion from prime money market funds over the past three days, while the company has received around $16.5 billion in core net new assets this week.   **Trending Stocks**  [**Credit Suisse Group AG(CS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Credit Suisse was down 6.94% last Friday, closed at $2.01. It is trading at $0.8100 this morning at 4:10 due to the news that the negotiation of acquisition between UBS and Credit Suisse is processing at a fast pace in order to maintain stability in the European banking system and restore investors’ confidence in Credit Suisse. According to the Financial Times report, UBS has offered to acquire Credit Suisse for up to **$1billion**, which is way less than the closing price for CS last Friday  [**Fedex(FDX)**](  &amp;#x200B;    FedEx's stock was up by 7.97%. Its revenue in Q3 FY23 dropped by 6% compared to the previous year. The company has revised its full-year adjusted earnings per share forecast to $14.6-$15.2, up from its previous estimate of $13-$14.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft was up 1.17% and gained 12% for the week, marking its largest weekly increase since 2015. The company released a new AI feature called Copilot, supported by GPT-4, which will be available in the entire Office suite of Microsoft 365. Copilot will help users improve their productivity in writing documents, creating charts, and generating art.  [**Micron Technology(MU)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Micron Technology was up by 0.16% after announcing plans to invest $100 billion to build a semiconductor manufacturing park in New York State. The construction will begin in 2024 and is expected to employ 9,000 workers upon completion in 2045.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-20 11:36:07]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 17, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes opened low and closed high, with semiconductors and large technology stocks leading the gains. As of the close, the Dow Jones was up by 1.17%, the Nasdaq was up by 2.48%, and the S&amp;P was up by 1.76%.  The yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond was up by 3.615%, closing at 3.583%, with a spread of -58 basis points compared to the two-year Treasury yield. The VIX dropped 12.05%, Brent crude oil was up by 1.1%, and spot gold continued to rise from November 2022 to the present, with a slight increase of 0.03% yesterday, reaching $1919.3 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high position, closing at 104.45.  The number of people filing for initial jobless claims in the US was lower than expected at 192,000, which suggests that the labor market is still strong despite large tech companies cutting jobs. This may be due to employers being hesitant to lay off workers during the pandemic, which has made it challenging to find labor. However, there are still 1.9 job openings for every unemployed person, indicating a tight labor market, and combined with high inflation, the Federal Reserve may raise interest rates next week. Nevertheless, the volatile financial market has created uncertainty for the economy.  Credit Suisse has released a memo stating that they will continue to focus on returning cash to investors in the Supply Chain Finance Fund. As of March 7th, they have returned around $6.8 billion to SCFF investors. In other news, data from the Joint Oil Data Initiative shows that Saudi Arabia's crude oil production has increased by 18,000 barrels per day to 10.45 million barrels per day in January, according to the International Energy Forum.  **Trending Stocks**  [**First Republic Bank (FRC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    First Republic Bank's stock rose by 9.98% after a group of financial institutions agreed to deposit $30 billion in the bank. This deposit is meant to be a sign of confidence in the banking system, according to the banks' announcement on Thursday afternoon. As of March 15, First Republic Bank had about $34 billion in cash, not counting the new $30 billion in deposits. The bank had borrowed tens of billions of dollars from the Federal Reserve and the Federal Home Loan Bank over the past week, but daily deposit outflows have now slowed considerably, according to the bank's statement. To preserve its liquidity position, First Republic Bank has suspended its common stock dividend. This move will allow the bank to conserve cash and maintain its financial strength during this uncertain economic period.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock price was up by 4.05% after the company announced that it will integrate OpenAI's chatbot technology into its popular Office suite applications, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. These applications will now have AI assistant features to help users with their work. However, despite the announcement of the new software, Microsoft is currently facing a challenge with a shortage of internal AI server hardware.  [**Credit Suisse Group AG(CS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Credit Suisse's stock closed flat, with the company announcing plans to raise funds up to 50 billion Swiss francs from the Swiss National Bank's liquidity tools. In addition, Credit Suisse plans to repurchase euro bonds maturing in 2023 and 2024 for up to 500 million euros and repurchase dollar-denominated bonds for up to $2.5 billion. JPMorgan commented on the possibility of Credit Suisse being acquired, with UBS being the most likely candidate.  [**Apple(AAPL)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Apple experienced a 1.87% rise in its stock price after news reports revealed the company is testing generative AI technology which could be used for its virtual assistant Siri, despite some significant design issues with the product. Additionally, Foxconn, a major Apple supplier, has secured a contract to manufacture AirPods and is planning to build a $200 million factory in India to begin production in late 2024.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-17 10:33:55]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 16, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes fluctuated and dropped. The surge in Credit Default Swap (CDS) of Credit Suisse reignited risk aversion, and the energy, materials, and financial sectors dragged down the overall market. The Nasdaq China Golden Dragon Index was down more than 4% at one point during the trading day, hitting its lowest level since the end of December last year. At the close, the Dow Jones was down 0.87%, the Nasdaq was up 0.05%, and the S&amp;P was down 0.7%.  The yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond was down 5.93% to 3.458%, with a spread of -44 basis points compared to the two-year Treasury yield. The VIX was up 10.16%, Brent crude oil was down 4.88%, and spot gold has continued to rise since November 2022, with a 0.78% increase to $1,918.67 per ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high, closing at 104.75.  The US PPI, a measure of wholesale inflation, decreased by 0.1% in February, which was lower than the expected increase of 0.3% and previous month's increase of 0.7%. The year-on-year PPI in February was 4.6%, which is lower than the expected 5.4% and the previous value of 6%. The pricing of the Fed funds rate for the Fed rate swap suggests that the Fed is expected to raise interest rates by only 10 basis points in March. The US retail sales data for January was revised upward, but the data for February shrank. Experts suggest that the strong retail sales in January were partly due to the adjustment of spending patterns at the end of last year and early this year, as well as high inflation.  Credit Suisse's largest shareholder, the Saudi National Bank, has announced that it cannot provide more assistance to the bank due to regulatory restrictions. This news caused Credit Suisse's USD bonds, which are due in 2026, to drop sharply to junk bond levels. However, the Swiss National Bank and FINMA have stated that they are closely monitoring the situation and are prepared to provide liquidity if necessary. They also emphasized that Credit Suisse meets the high capital and liquidity requirements for systemically important banks, and that the problems in the US banking sector do not pose a direct risk to the Swiss financial market.  **Trending Stocks**  [**Bank of America(BAC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Bank of America's stock was down by 0.94%. According to insiders, the bank has seen an influx of over $15 billion in new deposits within a few days following the collapse of three banks, including Silicon Valley Bank, due to the fear of crisis spreading.  [**HSBC Holdings PLC(HSBC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    HSBC Holdings also experienced a decrease of 3.81%. Its leaders urged SVB UK, the UK-based branch of Silicon Valley Bank, to reassure its customers of their deposit security and loan support, and the group has already invested nearly £2 billion in liquidity into SVB UK and is ready to deploy more as needed.  [**Credit Suisse Group AG(CS)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Credit Suisse experienced a 13.94% drop in its stock price, falling for five consecutive trading days and reaching an all time low of under $2 per share, resulting in a total market value of around $8.5 billion. The chairman of Credit Suisse stated that government assistance is not something the bank is considering, as it possesses a strong capital adequacy ratio and a robust balance sheet.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock increased by 1.78% following the announcement that OpenAI has introduced its GPT-4 AI system for generating text. The GPT-4 model has shown that it can perform on par with humans on different tests that measure professional and academic standards. OpenAI has made GPT-4 available to subscribers of ChatGPT's Plus service.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.  View more at [ 2023-03-16 12:03:21]
[Stock Market Today (as of Mar 15, 2023),;,; Last night, the three major US stock indexes fluctuated and closed higher, with regional banks rebounding and semiconductors leading the market. At the close, the Dow Jones rose 1.06%, the Nasdaq rose 2.14%, and the S&amp;P rose 1.65%.  The yield on 10-year US Treasury bonds rose 3.754% to close at 3.676%, with a spread of -56 basis points compared to the yield on 2-year Treasury bonds. The VIX fell 10.52%, Brent crude oil fell 3.78%, and spot gold has been on an upward trend since November 2022, but it fell 0.51% yesterday to $1903.8/ounce. The US dollar index continued to fall from its high, closing at 103.67.  The US CPI has risen steadily in February due to the high cost of rent, with a month-on-month increase of 0.4% and a year-on-year increase of 6.0%, which is in line with expectations. There is uncertainty among economists as to whether the increase in inflation will be enough to push the Fed to raise interest rates again next week, especially after the bankruptcy of two regional banks. Some economists, including Goldman Sachs, predict that the Fed will pause the current fast monetary policy tightening cycle since the 1980s to avoid the spread of the banking crisis, while financial markets still expect the Fed to raise interest rates by 25 basis points. CME's "Fed Watch" reflects the mixed opinions among economists regarding the Fed's next move.  The Wall Street Journal reports that the US Department of Justice and the US Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating Silicon Valley Bank's information disclosure and executive trading. Signature Bank is being sued for providing false statements to customers, and a proposed class-action lawsuit aims to obtain compensation from the bank. Moody's has stated that the operating environment for the US banking system is quickly deteriorating, with a negative outlook.  The US military has accused a Russian fighter jet of intercepting and destroying a US drone in the Black Sea. The US government has notified its allies and is in direct communication with Russian officials to express its opposition to the incident. The Russian ambassador to the US has been called in for discussions. The Russian side denies the allegations and claims that the drone was not deliberately targeted and lost control due to a sudden maneuver.  **Trending Stocks**  [**First Republic Bank(FRC)**](  &amp;#x200B;    FRC, which was down 61.83% on Monday, was up nearly 28% yesterday, and traded up another 8.45% in the post-market.  [**Western Alliance(WAL)**](  &amp;#x200B;    WAL, down 47.06% on Monday, was up over 14% yesterday and up another 6.80% after close. Wells Fargo reiterated its overweight rating on the stock, while lowering its price target to $65 from $90. Still, the new price target implies 148.9% upside from the stock’s Monday closing price of $26.12.  [**PacWest(PACW**](  PACW, was down 21.05% on Monday, up nearly 34% yesterday while it was down 3.75% after close.  &amp;#x200B;    Despite the recent failures of several banks, the new CEO of Silicon Valley Bank reassured customers that the bank is still in operation and conducting business as usual. The bank's domestic operations in the United States are unaffected, and cross-border transactions are expected to resume soon. The FDIC has transferred deposits and assets from the former Silicon Valley Bank to a newly established transitional bank, which is now being operated by the FDIC.  [**Tesla(TSLA)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Tesla's stock went up by 5.03%. Tesla is hiring more employees at its Austin factory to speed up production of the Cybertruck. Elon Musk tweeted that reports of Tesla ending its partnership with BYD are untrue, and that their relationship is positive. The US Secretary of Transportation criticized Tesla on Monday for naming their driving assistance system "Autopilot", saying it does not make sense.  [**Meta Platforms(META)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Meta saw a 7.25% increase in stock price and is planning to cut around 10,000 jobs and halt recruitment for approximately 5,000 positions.  [**Microsoft(MSFT)**](  &amp;#x200B;    Microsoft's stock increased by 2.71%. The Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for Consumers announced that Microsoft's Bing ChatGPT daily chat limit has been expanded from 120 to 150. Plus subscribers of ChatGPT can now use GPT-4, which supports advanced reasoning, complex instructions, and increased creativity. However, the usage is limited to 100 messages every four hours. OpenAI has recently released GPT-4, the latest AI text model, which outperforms 90% of humans in lawyer exams, compared to only 10% in the previous version, GPT-3.  **Opportunities**  Last Friday, [**Silicon Valley Bank**]( which provides loans to major players in the technology industry, became the biggest bank to fail since the financial crisis of 2008. To avoid a crisis in the wider banking system, regulators abruptly closed Signature Bank on Sunday night. The rapid closure of both banks has caused shockwaves throughout the technology industry, Wall Street, and Washington. Here are the companies that could be affected by the shockwave from SVB's bankruptcy. [**SVB Bankruptcy Stocks**](  .  ChatGPT has been so popular in recent days. In short, ChatGPT is “an AI-powered chatbot developed by OpenAI, based on the GPT (Generative Pretrained Transformer) language model.” Many big tech players (Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu) has participated in the field, along with small firms (C3.ai, Zhihu). For instance, C3.ai has an impressive return of 133% last month. Check out below for a complete list of ChatGPT concept stocks. [**ChatGPT Stocks**](  Every day there are plenty of opportunities happen before market open. The preset screen, [**Pre-Market Change Stocks**]( provides you the list of pre-market opportunities that are selected by our well-experienced analysts and AI analysts.,;,; 2023-03-15 12:29:18]
[Daily U.S. Stock Market News Flash (Thursday, March 23),;,; Important Information  1. U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen said working with the Financial Stability Oversight Council to restore the ability to classify non-bank financial institutions as systemic financial institutions and subject them to regulation. Do not consider insuring all uninsured deposits.  **Individual Stock News**  1. Fitch downgraded First Republic Bank (FRC.N)'s long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) to "B" and said further downgrades are possible in the future.  2. Coinbase (COIN.O) received an informal alert from the SEC that it may have violated U.S. securities laws and may face charges.  **Super bearish**  3. Microsoft's (MSFT.O) Bing's global app downloads jumped 8x after integrating artificial intelligence, while Google search app downloads fell 2% in the same period, according to app research firm [Data.ai](  **Super favorable**  4. According to Electrek: Tesla (TSLA.O) expects to lose the full $7,500 tax credit for its cheapest electric car models (Model 3 and Model Y).  **Bad subsidies are less**  5. Ford Motor (F.N): expects losses at its electric vehicle unit to surge to $3 billion in 2023. the unit loses $2.1 billion in 2022 and $900 million in 2021.  **Annual growth in losses**  6. people familiar with the matter said Apple (AAPL.O) plans to invest $1 billion a year in the production of theatrical films, has discussed with the film company to cooperate in the distribution of several films in theaters this year.  **Steps taken at random, careful to pull the egg**  7. Hindenburg says it is shorting Block (SQ.N), saying it grossly exaggerates the true number of users and underestimates the cost of customer acquisition.  **That's right.**  8. Accenture (ACN.N) FY2023 Q2 revenue of $15.8 billion beat estimates, net income of $1.55 billion; raised FY2023 EPS estimates to $10.84-$11.06; expects to lay off 19,000 employees in the next 18 months.  **Can make money as well as save money**  9. Boeing (BA.N) confirmed Japanese airline JAL's order for 21 fuel-efficient 737-8s, which JAL plans to introduce into its fleet starting in 2026.  **It's too far.**  10. Intel (INTC.O) said it continues to work to complete its acquisition of Israeli chipmaker Tower within the first quarter, but the deal could close in the first half of 2023 due to compliance with certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.  **Trouble, but can complement itself.**  11. Qatari royalty and British billionaire Jim Ratcliffe sought to extend his bid for Manchester United (MANU.N).  **The price was not negotiated**  12. TSMC (TSM.N) revenue growth this year is expected to be roughly the same as last year, but 5/4nm chip sales will increase by NT$100 billion, industry sources said.  **Offbeat. Rumor.**,;,; 2023-03-23 12:59:09]
[Nvidia CTO: Cryptocurrency has little value, AI is the future!,;,; Cryptocurrency mining demand has driven [Nvidia]( GPU chip sales. However, Michael Kagan, [Nvidia]( chief technology officer, sent a different signal in a recent interview.  &amp;#x200B;    Kagan points out that cryptocurrency miners buy a lot of [Nvidia]( hardware, but cryptocurrencies don't add anything useful to society, which is why the crypto market has crashed so often recently.  By contrast, he prefers AI (artificial intelligence) because it is good for society. Artificial intelligence allows individuals to create custom programs to meet different needs. But the high-frequency trading of cryptocurrencies doesn't actually mean anything to humans.  He therefore suggests that the same processor chips used to mine cryptocurrencies be used to create chatbots, such as ChatGPT, that add more value to society.  **Cryptocurrency mania fades**  GPUs are a great tool for cryptocurrency mining. During the crypto boom of 2020 and 2021, "miners" snapped up Nvidia GPUs in a frenzy. The price of GPUs had been on an upward trend due to higher demand.  &amp;#x200B;    That has also helped drive solid growth in Nvidia's GPU business. But that didn't last long. With cryptocurrency prices plummeting at a rapid rate, miners' profits were falling, and Nvidia's GPU business slowed.  According to Jon Peddie Research, Nvidia, Intel and AMD shipped 6.9 million individual GPUs in the third quarter of 2022, down 42% from the same period in 2021 and the lowest number of units shipped since the report began.  Nvidia, meanwhile, reported a 17% year-over-year drop in revenue and a 72% year-over-year drop in net income in the third quarter, with gaming graphics and visualization revenues down more than 50%. By Nvidia's own account, declining GPU sales are a big part of the reason.  **AI takes over**  Kagan points out that the failure of cryptocurrencies is not surprising. He pointed out that, apart from speculation, the crypto industry doesn't have any real-world examples.  Not so with artificial intelligence. He points out that since ChatGPT was released, AI has been front and center, and more and more application scenarios have been developed.  [Nvidia]( CEO Jen-Hsun Huang is also betting big on AI. He said the emergence of new chatbots such as ChatGPT was an "iPhone moment" in artificial intelligence. He expects artificial intelligence to flourish and lead Nvidia to high sales and high growth again.  &amp;#x200B;    [Nvidia]( has indeed made a foray into AI, recently unveiling a cloud-based AI supercomputer that users can access through a desktop browser. Currently, services like [Microsoft]( Azure platform and Google's Cloud are built on top of Nvidia's hardware supply.  More market insight on [ 2023-03-28 11:42:10]
[The Week Ahead &amp; More: Technical Analysis of SPY QQQ IWM + Trade Journal,;,; **OVERALL**:   The bank sector issues continued to cause money to flow into tech, but clearly not to the same degree as the week prior as the bulls stalled at a major resistance point.  Perhaps driven to a degree by the banks, the IWM is showing the most bearish chart with clear bear flag consolidation.  SPY could be viewed more neutrally with price stuck in a consolidation zone between two major TLs; however, when you factor the IWM and QQQ, probabilities suggest the break will go to the downside.  &amp;#x200B;  **SPY**:  Price remains stuck between two bearish levels: macro bear channel ceiling &amp; the mico downsloping TL from the February 2023 pivot high.  A parralel channel upsloping TL entered the picture this week, which will eventually 'pinch' price to the upside or downside (probabilities favor the downside, look at the Weekly bearish consolidation).  385.65 is the support level to watch this week, the cross-point of the upsloping TL and bear channel TL.  On the resistance side, 401.05 is the nearest level which must be broken through before more major resistance around 410 can come into play.    **QQQ**:  Price stalled at the February 2023 double top; however, did not immediately reject the level.  Therefore, price could be putting in bullish consolidation.  Friday's close kept probabilities for more upside still neutral; a 3rd day of weaker close would have changed those probabilities.  Still, given the huge run-up in tech since the banking sector collapse, more consolidation may be needed before another move higher...if a move higher is what happens.  Next reisstances are 322.84 or 329.28 gap-fills, but the major resistance level is 334.42 double top from August 2022.  Major support remains the upsloping TL from the October 2022 lows.    **IWM**:  Price clearly rejected not only breaking back out from the bear channel, but also the upsloping TL coming off the October 2022 lows.  The resulting bearish consolidation (especially if you look at the Weekly chart) &amp; the potential breakdown towards the end of last week places probabilities on further downside...but that doesn't mean we couldn't see some limimted upside by virtue of consolidation.  Nearest major support is 162.76 double bottom from October 2022; nearest major resistance remains the aforementioned upsloping TL (bolstered by the 200 DMA).    &amp;#x200B;  My swing trading account is curently 63% invested.  This week, I closed the following positions...  **FRC** calls -- +42.42%   **FRC** shares -- +4.81%  ...and entered, or added to, the following trades...  **AMD** \-- new + add short -- avg 98.68 -- 1.5% position   **BAC** \-- new long -- 28.00 -- 0.5% position   **CGC** \-- add long -- avg 2.07 -- 3% position   **DKS** \-- new short -- 145.15 -- 0.5% position   **LNC** \-- new long -- 20.75 -- 0.5% position   **MSFT** \-- new short -- 274.73 -- 0.5% position   **NVDA** \-- new + add short -- avg 165.47 -- 2% position   **QID** \-- add long -- 19.48 -- 3% position   **RCON** \-- new long -- 0.32 -- 0.33% position   **RIOT** \-- new short -- 8.50 -- 0.5% position   **UNG** \-- calls -- 2.10 -- 0.33% position (10/20 7.00 Calls)   **URI** \-- new long -- 379.38 -- 0.5% position  &amp;#x200B;  Here is my watch list this week:  **ANET** \-- short   **C** \-- long   **CRM** \-- add short   **DAL** \-- long   **GIS** \-- long   **WFC** \-- long,;,; 2023-03-26 20:33:30]
[Daily U.S. Stock Market News Flash (Friday, March 17),;,; Important Information  1. The Fed's discount window borrowing soared to a record high. As of the week of March 15, the Fed's discount window borrowing increased to $152.9 billion, with the last historical peak of $111 billion in the 2008 financial crisis.  2. The People's Bank of China decided to lower the reserve requirement ratio of financial institutions by 0.25 percentage points on March 27 (excluding financial institutions that have already implemented a 5% reserve requirement ratio).  3. National Development and Reform Commission: Starting from 24:00 on March 17, domestic gasoline and diesel prices will be reduced by RMB 100 and RMB 95 per ton respectively, which will cost RMB 4 less to fill up a tank of gasoline.  Individual stock news  1. SVB Financial Group filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings, the group said it has about $2.2 billion in liquidity and the finance team is evaluating strategic options.  2. 11 major Wall Street banks, including Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo, injected a total of $30 billion into First Republic Bank (FRC.N); in addition, First Republic Bank said it is evaluating the composition of its balance sheet and will suspend stock dividends and focus on reducing borrowings.  3. UBS (UBS.N) and Credit Suisse (CS.N) oppose forced merger; Credit Suisse European shares will welcome the biggest one-week drop since October 2008, people familiar with the matter said.  4. Microsoft (MSFT.O) released a new AI feature supported by GPT-4, called Copilot, which will be applied to the Office family bucket in Microsoft 365 and can help customers improve efficiency in writing documents, creating charts and generating art paintings.  5. TSMC (TSM.N) may consider another price increase in the second half of 2023 to cope with its increasing manufacturing costs, sources said.  6. Tucson Future (TSP.O) announced that its self-driving trucks have accumulated a total of 16 million operating miles in testing, R&amp;D and commercial operations.  7. Micron Technology (MU.O) is reportedly planning to invest $100 billion in a semiconductor manufacturing campus in New York State, USA, with construction starting in 2024 and employing 9,000 people when all construction is completed in 2045.  8. Qualcomm (QCOM.O) announced the launch of the second-generation Snapdragon 7+ mobile platform, which, according to the official introduction, features a Qualcomm Kryo CPU with a maximum main frequency of up to 2.91GHz and a performance increase of more than 50%.  9. Taiwan media reports TSMC (TSM.N) U.S. Arizona plant is expected to mass produce 4nm in 2024, Qualcomm senior vice president and chief operating officer Chen Ruowen said today, Qualcomm (QCOM.O) will be the first customers of TSMC's U.S. plant 4nm.  10. reports that Virgin Orbit (VORB.O) is in talks for a potential acquisition.  11. Charles Schwab (SCHW.N) clients withdrew $8.8 billion from prime money market fund (PMF) in three days.  12. the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) denied reports that it would require any purchaser of Signature Bank to divest its crypto business.  13. Baidu's (BIDU.O) "Radish Express" was the first fully unmanned self-driving demonstration application approved in Beijing, the first time a fully unmanned fleet of vehicles has landed in the capital city globally.  Earnings Data   FedEx(FDX.N): Q3 FY2023 revenue down 6% year-over-year to $22.2 billion; full-year adjusted earnings per share raised to $14.6-15.2 vs. previous estimate of $13-14.,;,; 2023-03-17 13:16:49]
[Magnificent 7 and friends contributed 75% of S&amp;P 500 gains,;,; = just copy and paste for sharing, some charts are missing =  &amp;#x200B;  The 10 days that moved the stock market the most in 2023  [  &amp;#x200B;  The U.S. stock market was heading into year-end with a head of steam, pushing the S&amp;P 500 index ever closer to record territory. In a look back at 2023, data provider FactSet took a look at the biggest daily market moves in both directions.  &amp;#x200B;  It’s an interesting rundown, with the biggest moves attributed to the performance of megacap tech stocks, a spring bout of banking turbulence and, of course, the Federal Reserve’s inflation battle, noted FactSet’s Torstein Jakobsen, in a blog post.  &amp;#x200B;  The 10 top performing days for the S&amp;P 500 SPX contributed to an aggregate increase of 18.35% for the index, while the bottom 10 days accounted for a collective decrease of 16.2%.  &amp;#x200B;  The S&amp;P 500 was up 24.4% for the year to date through Tuesday’s close, ending less than 0.5% away from its Jan. 3, 2022, record finish. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA has gained 13.3% in 2024, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite COMP has soared 44%.  &amp;#x200B;  Through Dec. 22, the S&amp;P 500 saw 132 positive days and 113 negative. Meanwhile, the market was more calm in 2023, with just 63 trading days posting a price swing of more than 1% through Dec. 20, not far off the 10-year average of 59. Last year, with the S&amp;P 500 sliding more than 19%, the index saw 122 trading days with moves up or down of more than 1%.  &amp;#x200B;  Interestingly, the two biggest moves came early and within about six weeks of each other. The S&amp;P 500 soared 2.28% on Jan. 6, after December jobs data offered signs that the Federal Reserve’s rate hikes were effectively cooling the economy without triggering a recession, Jakobsen said.  &amp;#x200B;  That didn’t mean interest rate-hike worries were vanquished. The S&amp;P 500 fell 2% on Feb. 21, marking its worst performance of the year, largely due to apprehensions about further interest-rate increases, Jakobsen wrote.  &amp;#x200B;  Fed policy and inflation concerns remained central to market sentiment throughout the year, influencing six out of the 12 most volatile days, FactSet found.  &amp;#x200B;  Year-over-year inflation, as measured by the consumer price index, fell from a 9.1% peak last year to 6.4% by January 2023, and down to 3.2% by October. That allowed the Fed to slow the pace of rate hikes, delivering four, quarter-point increaes in 2023 and pausing after July.  &amp;#x200B;  The strategy “indicates the Fed’s measured approach in moderating policy to stabilize the economy while mitigating market disruption,” Jakobsen said.  &amp;#x200B;  The second worst performing day of the year came on March 9 when the S&amp;P 500 endured a significant sell-off, declining by 1.85%. This downturn was largely attributed to growing concerns over the value of U.S. banks’ bond portfolios, exacerbated by SVB Financial Group’s announcement of a $1.75 billion common equity and $500 million convertible preferred offering.  &amp;#x200B;  SVB soon collapsed, sparking what some termed a “mini” banking crisis, exacerbated by the collapse of Swiss banking giant Credit Suisse, sparked fears of an immediate credit crunch that could send the economy into recession. Fears that were soon seen as overblown.  &amp;#x200B;  Of course, no discussion of 2023 is complete without a look at the extremely lopsided performance of the market, characterized by the so-called Magnificent 7 megacap tech stocks — Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.78%  , Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.47%,  [Amazon.com]( Inc. AMZN, 0.16%,  Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.16%,  Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -1.07% GOOGL, -1.01%,  Tesla Inc. TSLA, 1.97%,  and Meta Platforms Inc.  META, 0.56%.  &amp;#x200B;  See: The Magnificent 7 dominated 2023. Will the rest of the stock market soar in 2024?  &amp;#x200B;  Despite a broadening of the rally at year-end, the biggest names have accounted for a remarkable chunk of the rally, leaving much of the market behind.  &amp;#x200B;  The S&amp;P 500 saw its third-largest move of the year on April 27, climbing 1.96% after a round of robust earnings from big tech companies. Meta led the rally, surging 14% following its earnings that exceeded expectations, further helped by its strategic investments in artificial intelligence, Jakobsen noted.  &amp;#x200B;  In the chart below, FactSet takes a look at a slightly broader top 10 contributors, which includes both classes of Alphabet stock, Broadcom Inc. AVGO, 0.11% and Eli Lilly &amp; Co. LLY, 0.83%, showing their weight in the performance is extraordinarily high:  &amp;#x200B;  The top 10 accounted for 75% of the S&amp;P 500’s weighted average return, well above the 39% average from 2014 to 2022, Jakobsen noted.  &amp;#x200B;  Nvidia with a rise of 229%, has been the standout, contributing 2.77% to the S&amp;P 500’s overall return, he wrote, with the company’s success attributed largely to its data centers business, which benefited from demand for advanced artificial-intelligence infrastructure.,;,; 2023-12-27 15:52:27]
[The Week Ahead &amp; More: Technical Analysis of SPY QQQ IWM + Trade Journal,;,; **OVERALL**:  The Fed meeting will likely cause consolidation, but the regional banks &amp; energy could force a move.  IWM showing the weakest chart this week with a possible bear flag forming within the bear channel.  SPY is trading at the bottom of a parallel channel, suggesting a potential small bounce given all of the MA &amp; TL resistance directly overheard.  QQQ is pretty extended after last week's vertical move, but there is still a little room above before it hits a likely stall point.  If money leaves tech &amp; flow back into other sectors, we could see an inverse of last's week trading...as arguably last week we saw QQQ break out from bullish consolidation, SPY continue bullish consolidation, and IWM break down from what had been bullish consolidation.  That said, on the weekly &amp; monthly charts, we are still very much trading in a larger bearish pattern.  &amp;#x200B;  **SPY**:  Price never did officially breakdown back inside the bear channel; on the contrary, it did validate its move outside the bear channel.  The repeated tags on both side of the channel ceiling, however, weakens the line for both the bulls &amp; bears.  Price seems to be trading within an upsloping parallel channel since Fall 2022, which puts probabilities on the bear's side for an eventual breakdown &amp; re-test of the October 2022 low.  Before reaching that level, however, there is a major resistance level at 370 by an ascending TL (which also is trading parallel to the aforementioned parallel channel).  There will be some resistance at 402 descending TL, but major resistance is the upper range of the parallel channel, which is beginning to converge with the 431.73 mid-August 2022 double top    **QQQ**:  Price did indeed tag the ascending support TL Monday before ripping higher all week, as tech saw big cash inflows from instituitons seeking comparative 'safety' from the regional banking collapse &amp; energy breakdowns.  The near resistance levels got blown through all week, but price has not officially broken out yet from that descending resistance TL -- we need a close above 307.18 to do so.  If we get it, then that descending TL becomes major support; otherwise, major support remains the upsloping TL at 286 - 287.  Continued upside will likely pause at the 313.68 level, but if it can get through that then major resistance is between 318 - 320 which connects some pivot highs-to-lows from the past year.    **IWM**: The regional bank collapse prevented a sustained bounce of the major support level that was the bear channel ceiling, but 170 did provide support throughout the week.  The multiple closes within the bear channel, and failed attempts to get out of the bear channel, is problematic for the bulls.  This week's price action could be bear flag consolidate between 170 and those former support TLs, which could be setting up for a move to retest the October 2022 pivot low at 162.76 -- the nearest major support level now.  If upside returns, then major resistance will be the ascending TL between 179 - 180 this week -- which will soon also converge with the 200 DMA.    &amp;#x200B;  Within my swing trading portfolio, I closed the following positions...  **AXP** \-- swing/short  **+ 10.43**   **SCHW** \-- swing/long  **+ 17.29%**   **FRC** \-- intraday  **+ 32.54%**   **SPY** \-- daytrade  **+ 0.30%**  ...and I entered/added to the following positions...  **FITB** \-- new long -- avg $24.85 -- 1% position   **SIRI** \-- new long  -- avg $3.67  -- 0.5% position   **QID** \-- new long -- avg $20.17 -- 2% position   **BITI** \-- new long -- avg 22.87 -- 1% position   **CVS** \-- add long -- avg now $80.69 -- now 4% position   **CHD** \-- add short -- avg now $83.78 -- now 1% position  &amp;#x200B;  In closing, the following names are on my watch list this week &amp; I do my best to post trades as close to real-time as possible through my **StockTwits**:  **ALL** \-- long   **AMD** \-- short   **ANET** \-- short   **BAC** \-- long   **C** \-- long   **CNC** \-- long   **HAL** \-- long   **HPE** \-- long   **IBM** \-- long   **LNC** \-- long   **MSFT** \-- short   **NVDA** \-- short   **NWL** \-- long   **USB** \-- long,;,; 2023-03-18 20:43:04]
[Dow Jones rises but leaders tumble, and Tesla ($TSLA) stock triggers the sell rule.,;,;  Dow Jones futures were little changed early Thursday, along with S&amp;P 500 futures and Nasdaq futures. The stock market rally struggled Wednesday as weak economic data raised recession fears for a second straight session.    The major indexes still don't look too bad, with the Nasdaq sliding but the Dow Jones rising.  But once again, declining stocks decisively beat winners. Once again, many of those losers fell hard. But on Wednesday, a lot of more of those big losers were leading stocks, such as **On Holding** ($**ONON**), **MarketAxess** ($**MKTX**) and **PagerDuty** ($**PD**). **C3.ai** ($**AI**) sold off for a second session, with the AI stock now staging a massive, outside week to the downside.  Others, including many chip names, declined solidly, now showing more chart damage after relatively modest retreats Tuesday.  **Tesla** ($**TSLA**) skidded for a third straight day, triggering the automatic sell rule.   Megacap techs such as **Apple** ($**AAPL**), **Microsoft** ($**MSFT**), Google parent **Alphabet** (**GOOGL**), **Meta Platforms** ($**META**) and **Nvidia** all fell.  Meanwhile, bank stocks came under more pressure. **Western Alliance Bancorp** (**WAL**) plunged, leading a retreat in regional banks, though they pared losses in the afternoon. **Charles Schwab**hit a two-year closing low. While bank deposits may be relatively safe, the bigger issue now may be long-term bank profitability as well as lending curbs that rapidly slow the economy.  Medical names are looking relatively strong, along with other defensive growth or defensive plays.  PagerDuty stock, On Holding, Meta and Nvidia are on **IBD Leaderboard**. Microsoft and Google stock are on the **IBD Long-Term Leaders** list.   Despite relatively benign action in the major indexes, the weakness in growth and other leading stocks is concerning. Investors should be looking to protect profits and cut losses.  ## Costco Sales Weak  Costco same-store sales fell 1.1% in March vs. a year earlier, the first decline in nearly three years. U.S. comps slid 1.5%. Excluding gasoline and currency effects, comps rose 2.6% or 0.9% in the U.S. E-commerce comps tumbled 11.6%. COST stock fell modestly.  ## Dow Jones Futures Today  Dow Jones futures edged higher vs. fair value. S&amp;P 500 futures were flat and Nasdaq 100 futures declined 0.2%.  The Labor Department will release weekly jobless claims at 8:30 a.m. ET. That follows unexpectedly weak February job openings and the March ADP Employment Report. Labor will release the March jobs report on Friday morning, but U.S. markets will be closed.   ## Stock Market Rally  The stock market rally had a generally negative session, despite the mixed action on the major indexes.  The ADP Employment Report showed private payrolls rose much less than expected in March, a day after a big drop in February job openings. The March ISM services index fell more than expected, signaling rapidly slowing growth.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.2% in Wednesday's **stock market trading**. The S&amp;P 500 index dipped 0.25%. The Nasdaq composite retreated 1.1%. The small-cap Russell 2000 gave up 1%.  U.S. crude oil prices dipped 0.1% to $80.61 a barrel.  The 10-year Treasury yield declined 5 basis points to 3.285%. That's the lowest point in nearly seven months. The 2-year Treasury yield sank 7 basis points to 3.76%, off 34 basis points in the past four sessions.  ## ETFs  Among growth ETFs, the Innovator IBD 50 ETF ($**FFTY**) shed 1.9%, while the Innovator IBD Breakout Opportunities ETF ($**BOUT**) gave up 0.65%. The iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF ($**IGV**) slipped 1.3%. Microsoft stock and a few other heavyweights dominate IGV, while more-speculative software names like PagerDuty suffered bigger losses. The VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF ([**SMH**]( gave up 1.75%, with NVDA stock a major holding.  Reflecting more-speculative story stocks, ARK Innovation ETF ($**ARKK**) slumped 3.6% and ARK Genomics ETF (**ARKG**) shed 1.8%. TSLA stock is the top holding across Ark Invest's ETFs. Some Ark funds also own PD stock.  SPDR S&amp;P Metals &amp; Mining ETF (**XME**) retreated 1.15% and the Global X U.S. Infrastructure Development ETF (**PAVE**) 1.7%. U.S. Global Jets ETF (**JETS**) and SPDR S&amp;P Homebuilders ETF (**XHB**) descended 1.5%. The Energy Select SPDR ETF (**XLE**) climbed 1.5% and the Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (**XLV**) rallied 1.7% to its best level since Feb. 14.  ## Bank Stocks  The Financial Select SPDR ETF (**XLF**) edged down 0.1%, with SCHW stock a top 10 holding. The SPDR S&amp;P Regional Banking ETF (**KRE**), which includes WAL stock, sank 1% but finished off lows.  Western Alliance stock plunged as much as 19.4% after releasing some financial metrics but not disclosing deposits. Shares came off their lows as the California-based bank disclosed deposits fell 11% on March 31 vs. the end of 2022, not as bad as some feared. Still, WAL stock closed down 12.4%.,;,; 2023-04-06 11:23:50]
[(4/12) Wednesday's Pre-Market Stock Movers &amp; News,;,; #Good morning traders and investors of the r/StockMarket sub! Welcome to the new trading day and a fresh start! Here are your pre-market stock movers &amp; news on this Wednesday, April the 12th, 2023-  *****  # [S&amp;P 500 futures tick higher ahead of key March inflation data: Live updates](  ***** &gt; S&amp;P 500 futures rose slightly Wednesday as investors turned their focus to March’s highly anticipated inflation report. ***** &gt; Futures tied to the broader market index traded 0.1% higher. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures advanced 78 basis points, or 0.2%, while Nasdaq-100 futures were flat. ***** &gt; The March consumer price index is slated for release at 8:30 a.m. ET. Economists polled by Dow Jones predict that CPI rose by 0.2% in March, compared to a 0.4% gain in February. ***** &gt; The report could impact the Federal Reserve’s rate decision come May. It may also cement the case for a stop to the central bank’s rate-hiking regime. ***** &gt; “It kind of feels like the calm before the storm,” said Ryan Detrick, chief market strategist at the Carson Group. “I mean it’s light volume, not a lot of big moves today. Traders are just kind of getting the eye on the prize, looking to that big CPI number.” ***** &gt; Minutes from the Federal Reserve’s March policy meeting are also due out Wednesday, and slated to offer further clues into the mindset behind the central bank’s 25 basis point hike in the wake of Silicon Valley Bank’s collapse and the turmoil that rattled the broader banking sector. ***** &gt; Later in the week, the health of the U.S. economy and consumer will be put to the test as first-quarter earnings season kicks into full gear. Banking behemoths JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup are on deck, as well as health-care giant UnitedHealth. ***** &gt; Stocks ended Tuesday’s session mixed. The S&amp;P 500 closed little changed, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.29% and Nasdaq Composite lost 0.43%. Nine of the 11 major S&amp;P sectors finished positive, led to the upside by a 0.9% gain in the energy sector. Information technology stocks slumped 1%, led to the downside by chip names and megacap software giant Microsoft.  *****  #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR STOCK FUTURES CHARTS!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S MARKET MAP!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S S&amp;P SECTORS CHART!](  *****  #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR LINK #2!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S!](  *****  #THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$DAL $JPM $UNH $GBX $KMX $TLRY $C $WFC $ACI $IMBI $PGR $PNC $BLK $FAST $INFY $APOG $BYRN $RENT $OGI $WAFD $CGNT $LAKE $THTX $SPWH $UXIN $SKIL $NTIC $SBEV $LVMUY*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: (*$OGI $SKIL $APOG $THTX $LVMUY*) ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!](  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS MORNING'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #THIS AFTERNOON'S AFTER-HOURS EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS CALENDAR!]()**) (N/A.)  *****  #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR THIS AFTERNOON'S EARNINGS RELEASES!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES LINK #2!](  *****  #YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS!](  *****  #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #1!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #2!]( ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR LINK #3!](  *****  #THIS MORNING'S MOST ACTIVE TRENDING TICKERS ON STOCKTWITS:  * HKD * ETH.X * SOL.X * NVAX * BNB.X * NOW * WW * MSFT * AAPL * MIRM  *****  #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(**source: [cnbc.com](  *****  &gt; **Shopify** — Shares of the e-commerce company gained 2.4% after JMP upgraded Shopify to market outperform from market perform. The firm assigned the company a price target of $65 per share, implying a 45.1% upside from Tuesday’s close.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** SHOP  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Triton International, Brookfield Infrastructure** — Triton’s shares soared by more than 28% in early morning trading on news the company will be acquired by Brookfield Infrastructure. Triton shareholders will receive consideration valued at $85 per share in cash and stock. Brookfield’s stock price gained 2.15% on the announcement.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** TRTN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **MongoDB** — The software company’s stock price rose 2.8% in premarket trading after Morgan Stanley upgraded MongoDB to overweight from equal weight, citing the company’s leadership in cloud optimization initiatives. The firm raised its price target to $270, which suggests shares could gain 27.6% from Tuesday’s close.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MDB  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Global Payments** — Shares added about 2% before the bell after Goldman upgraded the fintech company to buy and assigned a $127 price target, implying about 20% upside from Tuesday’s close. “We believe the merchant business is poised to sustain somewhat better than feared trends as currency headwinds fade, aided by a stronger start to the year in 1Q23,” Goldman analysts wrote in a note sent to clients on Tuesday.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** GPN  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **Goldman Sachs** — The banking giant rose slightly after UBS upgraded the stock to buy from neutral, saying the company is attractively priced with minimum risk ahead. Analyst Brennan Hawken increased his price target to $385 from $350, suggesting shares stand to gain 17.6% from Tuesday’s close price.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** GS  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  &gt; **MGM Resorts International** — Shares rose about 1.5% after JPMorgan reaffirmed its overweight rating on the company, saying it raised its 2023-2024 Macao estimates on MGM and views its strong upcoming events calendar as a growth catalyst. The firm also lifted its price target to $55, which suggests a 27% from Tuesday’s closing price.  &gt; #**STOCK SYMBOL:** MGM  &gt; * [CLICK HERE FOR CHART!](  &gt; ######(**[CLICK HERE FOR LIVE STOCK QUOTE!](  *****  #**FULL DISCLOSURE:**  &gt; /u/bigbear0083 has no positions in any stocks mentioned. Reddit, moderators, and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts. Analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk.  *****  #**DISCUSS!**  What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/StockMarket?  *****  # **I hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this Wednesday, April 12th, 2023! :)**,;,; 2023-04-12 11:23:26]
